Beginners BBQ Class Taking Place in Missoula!
Do you want to get better at making delicious BBQ? You will have the opportunity, put this on your calendar now. Thursday, September 22nd join World Class BBQ Champion, Tony Balay from Lonestar Smoke Rangers. He will be teaching a beginner level class for everyone who wants to get better with their culinary skills.
He will teach you everything you need to know to compete in a KCBS BBQ competition, including techniques, recipes, timelines, meat selection and trimming, plus smoker and fire information.
The cost to be in the class is $35 per person, and for spectators it is free. Included in the cost will be either a t-shirt or apron and you will be tasting samples of each meat that is prepared.

---

Discussion in 'Mac OS X Lion (10.7)' started by axboi87, Jan 20, 2012.
I've got a 500gb internal drive and a 240gb SSD.
When trying to restore using disk utility i'm given the error "Not enough space on disk ____ to restore"
But I shouldn't have to do that!!!
Any ideas or workarounds before resorting to the above?
Use Carbon Copy Cloner to copy one drive to the other. I've done this several times going from larger HDD to smaller SSD and I wound up with a bootable SSD drive. One step you have to remember not to skip is to use Disk Utility to partition the SSD as GUID partition scheme HFS+ before doing the clone. If it came Apple Partition Scheme, even if you let CCC do the clone, the resulting drive won't be bootable. CCC usually works in "file mode" and it can easily copy a larger drive (that's mostly empty) onto a smaller drive. If you tell CCC to clone a drive you did NOT boot from, it can work in block copy mode where the destination drive must be the same size or larger than the drive you are cloning from (if I recall).
I've actually done this somehow on Disk Utility several times (booting from a different drive (or even the dvd) so not running disk utility from the drive your cloning) and had it work just fine from larger to smaller bootable clone. Definitely format the drive cloning to first, as bootable Apple etc..
Thanks for pointing this out. My only experience using DU to go larger to smaller was when I was trying to make a Lion install stick and I was unable to restore InstallESD.dmg to a 4 GB USB stick but of course the reason that wouldn't fit is there was slightly more than 4 GB of data.

---

Foil plaid lycra and spandex shortall with metallic slinky insets. Attached metallic elastic belt with O-ring. Headband included. Great hip hop or jazz dance costume. Made in the USA.

---

How many backlinks per day for new site?
Discussion in 'Black Hat SEO' started by Omoplata, Dec 3, 2010.
1) for a newly created site, what's the max # backlinks per day I should do to be safe?
2) how long do I have to let my site age before I can start making more blinks?
I did about 6000 forum profiles every 24 hours for 10 days for one of my sites which had a brand new domain.
There is three backlinks for every of these forum profile so thats 18 000 backlinks every 24 hours and nothing happened in terms of being penalized or sandboxed. This is now maybe 3 months ago and the site is ranking on first page for a lot of my targeted keywords.
build more you can in starting but do manual submission and not spammy type means manual + relevant to the post.. then after 1 month you can make a big blast..
Wow, dude, you built 18k backlinks a day on a brand new site? How quickly did you rank up? What kind of competition/searches did those keywords have?

---

The Denver Board of Education opened the 2017-18 school year with an update on projects that include new construction, upgrades, heat mitigation and quality learning environments.
We are excited that Denver students will be the beneficiaries of a four year, $572 million General Obligation Bond. Since the passage of the bond, our construction team has worked to schedule the projects over the four-year term of the bond.
Denver voters on Tuesday approved bond and mill funding measures for students in Denver Public Schools, agreeing to invest $572 million in bond funding to build and improve schools and $56.6 million in operating dollars to support proven initiatives, such as early literacy.
Denver voters say yes to bond and mill levy funding support for DPS students and schools. Click to learn more about the details of the voter-approved bond measure.
Denver voters on Nov. 8 approved bond and mill funding measures for DPS students and schools. Learn more about what’s included in the mill levy measure.

---

BANGALORE CY JUNCTION SBC to GONDIA JUNCTION G train timings, routes, stops, and complete info.
As of now, 1 trains run between from BANGALORE CY JUNCTION (YPR) to GONDIA JUNCTION (G).
The fastest train from BANGALORE CY JUNCTION (YPR) to GONDIA JUNCTION (G) is YPR KRBA WAINGANGA EXP (12251) that departs at 23:40 and arrives to at 21:15. It takes approximately 21:35 hours.

---

I thought I was going to finish the 3rd season of the Wire tonight.
But there was a commentary on episode 11, so I had to re-watch Middle Ground with the commentary. Hopefully I can finish the season next weekend.

---

The rich get richer and the poor get poorer eh?
Or is it the rich think different and play by a different set of rules?
Do the rich take responsibility and action?
Poor people believe 'Life happens to me.' Rich people are committed to be rich.
Poor people WANT to be rich. Rich people think big.
Poor people think small. Rich people focus on opportunities.
Poor people focus on obstacles. Rich people are willing to promote themselves and their value.
Poor people think negatively about selling and promotion.
Poor people are closed to new ideas..
Do You think rich or poor?

---

Biomedics 1 Day Extra are daily replacement disposable contact lenses by CooperVision Hydron. Buy one box of 90 lenses.
Biomedics 1 Day Extra contacts give you all the convenience of a daily disposable lens with no need for solutions, cases or cleaning and are perfect for the occasional wear. These lenses have greater comfort handling with superior ease of insertion and removal.
Biomedic 1 Day Extra are also marketed under various other brand names including Clear Choice 1-day, Ascend 1-day, easyvision CLARISION SPHERE, Clearsight 1 Day and ProView Daily Disposable.

---

Sysco Corp. has terminated its planned $3.5 billion takeover of US Foods, it announced Monday, after a federal judge blocked the combination. The company is opting instead to add $3 billion to its stock-buyback program.
With the deal breaking up, Sysco will pay a $300 million termination fee to US Foods and a $12.5 million fee to Performance Food Group, which had agreed to buy some US Foods facilities. Sysco, based in Houston, plans to make the share repurchases over the next two years.
Rosemont, Illinois-based US Foods operates a major distribution center in Fishers. Sysco has a large warehouse at 4000 W. 62nd St., in Indianapolis.
Sysco had fought for more than a year to gain government approval for the transaction, which antitrust regulators said would hurt competition and lead to higher prices. Sysco and US Foods dominate a market known as broadline foodservice, which supplies school cafeterias, restaurants and hotels. Sysco had argued that the acquisition would bring $1 billion in savings, letting it offer lower prices to customers.
Investors have responded with relief to the deal’s demise, reflecting concerns about the company undertaking an ambitious merger. Sysco shares rose 3.1 percent the day the transaction was halted by U.S. District Judge Amit Mehta, and the stock climbed again Monday morning after the merger was withdrawn.
Mehta blocked the merger on June 23 when he granted a Federal Trade Commission request to delay the transaction. The FTC had sued the companies in February, saying the deal would give Sysco an oversized share of an industry where it’s already the biggest player.
In arguments before Mehta in May, the two sides clashed over the scope of the market in which the companies compete. Sysco and US Foods argued that the commission was relying on a “tortured” analysis, ignoring the variety of distribution channels available to customers.
Sysco said on Monday that it weighed embarking on an appeal but decided against it.
Shares of Sysco rose as much as 1.6 percent to $39 in early trading. The stock had slid 3.3 percent this year through the end of last week.

---

Pencarian FILM Untuk "Peace Breaker 2017"
yuk mampir ke channel say..
Edges East provides the l..
A corrupt cop makes one w..
Peace Breaker 2017 ~ 破�..
Náo Loạn - Peace Break..
Please subscribe and hit ..
uploaded in HD at http://..
I cannot believe I manage..

---

Below you'll find some great videos that will encourage you, train you and build you up in hearing from GOD and being able to let HIM fulfill HIS plan in your life.
SOMETHING NEW THAT WILL HELP YOU HEAR GODS VOICE!
How to Understand and Rightly Divide It & How It Applies to Life!
In this important teaching Terry reveals the clear distinction between the Spirit & Soul and how critical it is that we learn how to operate in the Spirit and not be deceived. It's a serious matter that must be reviewed no matter what your level of faith and maturity.
Marriage & How it Applies to the Spirit & The Soul!
In this enlightening class Terry reveals a key insight that helps us to better discern the Spirit vs the Soul as it's reflected in the Marriage relationship from the intuitive nature, the emotional component of the woman and the power aspect of a male in submission to the LORD.
In this eye-opening teaching Terry shares how the Tabernacle as it represents the body soul and spirit of man and how it applies to our spiritual walk.
This complete deliverance packet helps to walk you through what you can do to free yourself from the hidden forced buried deep in your soul that is hindering you from walking in the fullness that GOD paid for you to walk in.
In today's video, Terry defines salvation better and the things that get in the way of our soul's salvation and ways we can increase our spiritual maturity.

---

"Unemployment, Relative Price Dispersion and the Implicit Contract Model."
"The Federal Reserve&apos;s Preferences for Inflation and Unemployment: An Analysis of Fed Chairmen."
"Do Presidential Administrations Have Preferred Rates of Unemployment?"
"The Baseball Writer and The National Baseball Hall of Fame: Are Election Outcomes Affected by Race or Ethnicity?," (with Cliff Reid).
"Race, Ethnicity and The National Baseball Hall of Fame: Is There Discrimination in the Nomination Process?," (with Cliff Reid and John Santos).
"Discrimination, Voting Behavior and the National Baseball Hall of Fame: The Case of Pitchers," (with Cliff Reid).
"A Comparison of Two Models to Forecast Voting for Membership into the National Baseball Hall of Fame," (with Cliff Reid).
"Jackie Robinson and The National Baseball Hall of Fame," (with Cliff Reid).
"Race, Ethnicity and the Market(s) for Baseball Cards," (with Jim Meehan and Cliff Reid).
"Further Analysis of the Determinants of Sovereign Credit Ratings," (with Shannon Landauer, &apos;99).
"An Empirical Analysis of the Relationship between the Yield Spread and the Probability of Recessions," (with Sunil Thakor, &apos;99).

---

I have existing web site brittlloyd.org. I opened a new domain sayrebuildersrockport.com however I don't have a way to start building this new web site online like I do the other one. Please list the steps to take.
I see you deleted the domain. Did you no longer want to use it? You can see how to create a new site here, https://community.homestead.com/homestead/topics/how-do-i-create-a-new-site.

---

Embrace world class facilities at East Bourne Resort & Spa Shimla. Facilities at East Bourne Resort & Spa Shimla comprise multi cuisine restaurant, tours and travel desk. Avail facilities of East Bourne Resort & Spa Shimla.

---

"Bake me a pie or go away," I've literally had my son say that to me a few times. So, what was I to do except fulfilling his demand? Baking (not only pies), is a cooking method where tools DO actually make the man, which means that it is very hard or nearly impossible to do it successfully without proper bakeware.
With years of experience under my belt, I’ve learned about and discovered what truly matters when looking for bakeware to buy, and I am going to teach you later in the article.
Also, I have reviewed what I believe to be the best five non-stick bakeware sets out there, so make sure to check them out if you are in search of one.
The first and most obvious reason is – because food doesn’t stick to it! I do not want to sound overly simplistic, but any chef (or mom, as a matter of fact) knows that pans that stick will absolutely mess up the outcome.
People normally solve this problem by oiling up, but I don’t like it since it makes the food greasy. Using non-stick bakeware is a healthier, more convenient, and more practical way of baking.
The next thing that you might not have known is that non-stick bakeware is so much easier to clean than more conventional types. It is a no-brainer really – if nothing sticks to the surface then there won’t be anything to scrub, scrape or wash off.
This trait right here will save you tons of time as well as frustration, and it might motivate you to bake more often because of the hassle-free cleaning process. Just make sure to maintain the bakeware.
​Lastly, even heat distribution is another thing that you should look for, and this type of bakeware enables it.
Here's the deal: heat distribution most likely won't affect the quality of the result, but it will make the bakeware heat up more quickly which will ultimately decrease the cooking time.
Investing a little bit of time into research can save you a lot of money and trouble in the long run, and that is why you need to read this section carefully.
Bakeware sets differ regarding materials, abilities, cost, and maintenance, so learning about some general features of these products will help you decide which type will fulfill your demands.
Bakeware can be made from different kinds of materials including iron, glass, copper, steel, etc.
Today I will mention only the types that are related to products I reviewed in this article.
It is important to know that each material yields different cooking properties so study these paragraphs to find out which one is right for you.
Carbon steel – this material is light, durable, and reacts to temperature changes very quickly, meaning that it can heat up fast. Even though is lightweight, it is a bit heavier than copper and doesn't retain heat as well as iron. It's a good choice for baking meats, veggies, bread, and cakes.
Copper – it is an excellent heat conductor and doesn’t need pre-heating since it gets hot very quickly. Very light, but also quite expensive compared to other bakeware materials. Also, it isn’t the best c

---

Are film trailers spoiling movies?
In April we asked if high ticket prices were ruining your visits to the cinema. Yes, you said overwhelmingly. But something else has put a strain on my relationship with the cinema – and it’s not the popcorn.
Have you ever gone to your local cinema to watch a new film only to feel you’ve seen it before? I know I have. ‘Spoilerific’ film trailers are now often so detailed it seems hardly worth watching the movie itself.
Imagine if the trailer for Casablanca told you whether Ingrid Bergman went off with Humphrey Bogart or Paul Henreid at the end. Or if the trailer for Citizen Kane revealed just what the dying man meant when he muttered the word ‘Rosebud’.
And it seems that even some film directors agree. Colin Trevorrow, director of new film, Jurassic World, has said he think that trailers have shown far more of the film than he would have wanted.
In the last couple of months, I’ve paid £17.50 a ticket to see two films I’ve been anticipating for some time. OK £17.50 sounds steep, but that was for iMAX 3D and I’d still have paid more than £10 for a ‘normal’ ticket.
But I left the cinema unfulfilled, because I felt like I’d seen them both six months before.
In both cases the trailer revealed the entire structure of the story, key plot twists and expensive action sequences. Throw in a few character deaths for good measure and you’ve got the basis of a significant chunk of what you’ve paid your money for.
I really did feel cheated by what the studio had wanted me to see in advance.
So is this just a modern trend? I checked out trailers for 1981’s Raiders of the Lost Ark, and 1964’s Goldfinger to get a bigger picture.
Both revealed some well-known scenes (including Goldfinger’s iconic laser and dialogue), but the plot basics were instead explained by voiceover, rather than any especially huge visual giveaways.
Besides, the chance of actually seeing these trailers was significantly lessened due to the technology available at the time of release. Which got me thinking further.
‘If you don’t like it, don’t watch it’, I hear you cry. I wish it were that simple. In the age of the internet, exposure has increased tenfold.
Marketing campaigns target social media and television, while the days of a simple poster are gone. Why commission a still image when you can display scenes from the film on a screen in a station or other public place?
Not only that, but trailers are also forced upon you in the cinema itself before other films. Without a blindfold and a soundproof booth to hide in you have little choice.
It’s not that I have a problem with marketing and ads. But they’re spoiling the experience. I don’t want to see all the best bits wrapped up into two minutes, six months ahead of release.
Have you had a film spoiled by its trailer/marketing? Is Hollywood revealing too much in a desperate attempt to put bums on seats?
Do ticket prices ruin your film-going experience?
Something George mentioned earlier about Terminator 2 trai

---

UNStudio has joined forces with HPP Architects to create a consortium (UNS + HPP) to carry out the next phases of their winning project at the architectural design competition for FOUR Frankfurt. Take a look at the complete story after the jump.
From the architects: The centrally located 16,000 square meter site was purchased by Groß & Partner real estate development company – who will be carrying out the development of the project – back in 2015. Situated in the very core of the city, the site has been completely inaccessible for the last 45 years. Now four new high-rise towers will change Frankfurt’s skyline from the air, while cultivating its liveliness on the ground. The development of these towers, reaching heights of 228 meters, will open up new streets to create a multi-use, vibrant inner-city quarter, bringing together a healthy mix of work, living, relaxation and recreation.
The choice of programmes allows for a smooth transition from Frankfurt’s shopping district to the east of Roßmarkt, to the high-rise office towers clustered around Park Taunusanlage. With a development concept that is unique to Europe, the FOUR Frankfurt project brings together facilities that will establish a lively new neighbourhood for Frankfurt, its visitors, and its (future) residents.
The new high-rise complex will be integrated into the expanding city structure by incorporating the heritage-listed facades of the Junghofstraße into the design and by making a multi-storey base building the connecting element of the entire site.
According to the assessment by the competition jury, the unique quality of the quarter can be found in its public development and amenity value. The new development will therefore create connected spaces, accessible rooftops, pathways and passages. The existing block on the Junghofstraße will be opened up to strengthen the surrounding pathways and ensure a high level of accessibility. This will create a multi-use, diverse quarter comprising 50% office spaces, 30% living accommodation (including subsidized housing), in addition to retail spaces, restaurants and hotels.
Four Frankfurt is expected to be completed in 2023.

---

▲Students are shouting several slogans to guarantee the school's autonomy in front of Jogyesa Temple.
On April 15th, 2016, the General Student Council and Student Council of Postgraduate held the 4.15 Jogye rally. The rally was also held in the last year with the same objectives. Goals of the rally are to criticize Jogye Order for its responsibility on Dongguk University’s present conflicts related to President Han Tae-sik (Bogwang) and to guarantee the school’s autonomy from the order.
At 11:00 A.M., approximately 200 people, about 150 Donggukians and 50 people who are related to Dongguk University, gathered together in Manhae Hall. As soon as the march began, the marchers were obstructed by police officers because of a cow, which was prepared by the GSC, was not reported to participate in the rally. Scuffles broke out between the police and the GSC, and the cow was not able to go with the marchers. The parade was started from Chungmu-ro where Dongguk University is located, passed Myeong-dong and finally to Jogyesa Temple.
After several speeches from students, the GSC and the gathered students tried to deliver request proposal to Jogye Order together, but police officers blocked the way. Therefore, only ten representatives were allowed to go to deliver the request proposal to the persons concerned of the Jogye Order at the temple gate. The request proposal involves following three demands: Jogye Order has to stop intervening in the school matters and should guarantee the school’s autonomy, every sunim who spoiled the school needs to apologize and resign, and board of directors should be reformed in a more democratic way.

---

Quartz is one of the most common and varied minerals on earth, and its abundant colors produce many gemstone types. Amethyst and Citrine are the most popular and valuable gem varieties of Quartz, but other forms also make important gemstones. Chalcedony describes any form of Quartz that is microcrystalline, in compact form without any visible crystals. Chalcedony also has several varieties used as gemstones, most notably Agate, Carnelian, Tiger's Eye, and Chrysoprase.
Pure Quartz, which is also known as Rock Crystal, is colorless. Various impurities are responsible for the extensive range of colors. The main crystalline Quartz varieties used as gemstones are described below.
Amethyst, the purple variety, is the most popular and valuable Quartz gemstone. Amethyst ranges from light to dark purple. See the Amethyst gemstone page for more details.
Citrine is the yellow, orange, or reddish-brown variety of Quartz. It is usually colored by heat treatment of Amethyst or Smoky Quartz. Light yellow or lemon yellow Citrine is often called Lemon Quartz in the gem trade. See the Citrine gemstone page for more details.
Smoky Quartz is the brown "smoky" variety of Quartz. It ranges in color from light brown to black. Despite its dark color, it is rarely opaque. See the Smoky Quartz gemstone page for more details.
The rosy pink variety of Quartz is known as Rose Quartz, and its color is usually soft, ranging from very light pink to medium pink in intensity. Rose Quartz is often milky or hazy, and it may lack good transparency. See the Rose Quartz gemstone page for more details.
The colorless, transparent variety of Quartz, free of any impurities, is known as "Rock Crystal". Flawless and very large cuts may be cut from Rock Crystal.
Milky Quartz is the white, translucent to opaque variety of Quartz. Though very common in nature, it is not used as a gemstone.
Colorless Quartz with golden yellow Rutile inclusions, as hairlike growths within the gemstone, are known as Rutilated Quartz. See the Rutilated Quartz gemstone page for more details.
Ametrine is an interesting, color-zoned combination of purple Amethyst and brownish-yellow Citrine. See the Ametrine gemstone page for more details.
Prasiolite, or Green Quartz, describes a light green Quartz artificially colored by heat treatment of certain types of Amethyst. May also be called "Green Amethyst" by some jewelers.
The blue variety of Quartz, which is uncommon in nature, is seldom used as a gemstone. Most "Blue Quartz" is clear Rock Crystal irradiated with gold to from a deep sky blue color. Blue Quartz may also refer to a dull grayish-blue Quartz in massive form with Crocidolite inclusions.
Colorless Quartz with Tourmaline inclusions, often as thin long black crystals, is known as "Tourmalinated Quartz".
Cat's Eye Quartz is Quartz with dense, tiny Rutile inclusions that cause a cat's eye effect. It is not common, and the chatoyant effect is usually weak. Cat's Eye Quartz is usually grayish in color and transluce

---

A full time vegan, poet, artist and woman.
Frontal and thorough when inspired.
Our memories: childhood memories, the language we dearly speak and nature's colorful and tasteful palette are a constant and renewable source of wonder and inspiration.
I am just getting through finishing two special orders of my Xocolate Bears new edition, which are going to Costa Rica. Both orders are reconnecting me with childhood friends and grade school teachers.
I sell my projects on Etsy. In local shops and in our hometown San Jose, Costa Rica in La Tienda Eñé a shop supporting local indie and urban designers, artisans and artists.
Handmade over mass production, and over all those other products largely available. Handmade by choice to keep our creative and critical side active, to balance and renovate while innovating ourselves every day. Handmade is more a legacy and tradition worth the while to take back and pass down, its techniques connected to our earlier days and years. The things we made, the stuff we broke. Handmade is the milestones we will all like to share. Going back and supporting handmade will keep creativity at edge and sharp.

---

Hurrah! A cooperative worldwide effort to rescue Thailand children trapped in a flooded cave rescued them all in less than 3 weeks from the time they entered the cave to the time of their rescue.
It should be much easier, shouldn’t even take a heroic effort, to rescue children trapped in separation from their families at the Mexican border. These things are possible, but this week, the administration did not even meet the first deadline to get all the children below 5 years old reunited with their families.
It should even be logistically possible with a cooperative world wide effort to develop economic systems that could rescue all the hungry children everywhere living in poverty.
In the U.S. alone, 1 in 5 children live in poverty, according to a recently released United Nations report.
Such inequality and poverty is a direct result of economic policies that are chosen by elected leaders. The solution is to elect different leaders than the ones in power now. Please consider carefully when you vote this November.

---

Learn the fundamentals of Flash as we guide you through this comprehensive introduction to the leading interactive-design program. We will show you how to draw and animate your own graphics. This is the perfect starting point for anyone interested in creating enhanced web output.
After we give you a complete tour of the Flash environment, we will take you from a blank canvas to being able to produce your own graphics and animations. You will see how it easy it is to import your own audio and video, add simple interactivity, and then publish your projects in a variety of formats.
This 2-day Introduction course helps you learn about the tools and features available in Adobe Flash CC. We will help you understand how this industry-leading program takes interactive design to a new level. We will guide you in learning the work area and the best practices for creating Flash content. Plus, you will get the hands-on experience you need to create your own projects.
Our goal is for you to be able to create simple visual projects that are ready to use for the web.
This course is intended for designers and developers who are new to Flash and who want to learn the interface and commonly used features.
If you are considering this Flash CC Design Introduction 2 Days Course but would like further information simply send us your query quickly & easily with the form below. Whether you would like to check date availability, pricing, course suitability or just need further information about a course send us your query and we will get you a swift reply, usually within 2 business hours!
Your course covered everything I needed to know and also gave really useful tips and advice making me feel more confident about using the program.

---

Earn monthly interest on our Citibank Time Deposits (also known as Fixed Deposits). What's more, you get to enjoy the flexibility of making partial withdrawals before maturity date of your Time Deposit.
Partial withdrawals in multiples of RM5,000 before the maturity date.
Option to pledge your Time Deposit for overdraft facility.
Continue to earn the original interest rate with your remaining balance.
View your Citibank® Time Deposit accounts across participating countries with a single login via Online Global View.
Online account inquiries and banking transactions via Citibank® or Citigold® Online.
Make banking inquiries anytime, anywhere via live e-Chat, 'Call Me' function and 20 seconds1 call pickup.
Eligible for protection by PIDM**.
* Monthly interest is only available for minimum deposit of RM50,000 and for a minimum tenure of 6 months.
** Click here for more details on PIDM protection.
1From the moment you press 0 to speak to a CitiPhone officer.
For the Citibank Account Terms and Conditions, click here.

---

What do you do in your free time? Of course some of you ,watch TV or play video games . If it is too boring, would you like to do something more interesting? All of you have wild imagination ,so you can make your own games!
Lisa Green ,who's 35 years old ,has been making her own games since she was 5 .I asked her How she started that hobby.She told me that she didn't like the games which other children play, so she started to make her own games. Then ,I asked her If it was difficult to make her own games. She told me that it wasn't difficult and,If you had imagination ,you would be a very good player too.
Lisa yesterday invented a new game which is called table tennis with hand .You paint a court of table tennis , then you take the ball and throw it to the other. If you want to use a net make one! Isn't it a fantastic game ?
With a bit practise, you'll be make your own games in no time !!
Say hi to the future blogger of the school, Marinos!
2013! Marinos is a "present" blogger now!! It is very thrilling, isn't it!!
That sounds very interesting, Raffaela!! I think that you have really wild imagination!!!!
Two missions before winter courses start!

---

Locksmith Westington – Putting in place the best of locking and keying services is just one part of the story. However the challenge lies in keeping the locking and keying systems in good condition at all points of time. Without proper maintenance it is quite obvious that the locks and keys would become damaged and replacing the same with new ones could be a big drain on resources and it would also take lot of time. It also could expose the entire home, office and other such places to unwanted risks. Further, you also might need to make some changes to your entire locking and keying systems or even a part of it. All these cannot be done by you on your own because of some obvious reasons.
Hence you have no other option but to hire a good locksmith. While you could come across many such locksmiths in this city, you may have some good reasons to choose us over others. We are considered an experienced, reliable and well known service provider in Westington Gloucestershire, South West, United Kingdom with years of experience. Further we also would like to point out that we offer our services across the board covering automobile locksmith and commercial locksmiths. We also are considered one of the best when it comes to domestic locksmiths. It would be interesting to look at each one of the above in some detail for the benefits of our customers and readers.
Are you stuck with your car, motorbike, SUV or even big sized vehicles in the road, home or office because you have lost your keys? If this is the case all you have to do is to get in touch with us. You can be sure that you will have a replacement key ready within a few minutes. This is because we have some of the finest molds to take care of almost all major brands and makes of automobiles in Westington Gloucestershire, South West, United Kingdom. Further we can make the keys right at the doorstep of our customers and also in the middle of the road if the need arises.

---

Movers & Moving Companies in Randallsville, New York for every moving service .: Movers MAX :.
Movers MAX Movers Directory is your one-stop source for moving resources. Research your move before making that all-important move. Inside, you will find helpful Randallsville, New York moving guides and moving tips on every type of moving services as well as free Randallsville, New York moving estimates from professional movers in Randallsville, New York .
With information available on all Randallsville, New York move types you can certainly find out what you need to know about moving anywhere in Randallsville, New York . From local Randallsville, New York moving to long distance moving across the country or around the world to an international location, our Randallsville, New York moving services directory offers all the information you need to plan your next Randallsville, New York move.
Our nationwide directory of residential movers and commercial moving companies can offer free Randallsville, New York moving and storage quotes to any state or country. From smaller residential and household local moves or long distance moving to office movers and corporate relocation Randallsville, New York Movers can help you with your Randallsville, New York move.
Randallsville, New York Movers is a local moving companies directory with local Randallsville, New York movers ready to help you with your local move. Whether you are moving to Randallsville, New York or moving from Randallsville, New York our local Randallsville, New York moving companies can help with full service residential moving services and YOU-Pack they move or self service moves.
Need to move your car? Randallsville, New York Movers offers Randallsville, New York auto shipping company quotes and reliable Randallsville, New York car shipping companies to move cars anywhere in Randallsville, New York or around the world.
Let Randallsville, New York Movers help you with your next Randallsville, New York move and get a FREE Randallsville, New York Moving Company Quote now!

---

Vashikaran Specialist Chandigarh is a black magic study of attraction, by which you can attract your partner, Girlfriend,Wife, Husband Anything that is living! From ages it’s going in India and everywhere in the world! It’s A Science for Welfare of Mankind. I need to recover its roots, it’s As Simple as Singing a Song and your Mate will love you for this! Kindly Don’t Use These Powers in Wrong Way on the other aspect if you done as such then these powers may hurt you!
The usage of Online Vashikaran Specialist Chandigarh to win the individual love you need or treasured. It is advised that Online Vashikaran Specialist Pandit Chandigarhnot to be mishandle for imperfect or hurting other. We All understand that Love is God and shaitaan is for heartedness. operate some individual to do as you wish is want yet to make his/her identity to do likewise is not that much horrible. Use vashikaran mantra in Hindi not to lose. Regularly pick humanity and deal with your problems with the help of them.
Online Vashikaran Specialist Pandit ji Chandigarh similarly oversee disturbed impact of the enemy identity so they may stay a long way from their country, nation, home, work and even from your relatives. Vashikaran Mantra in Hindi is used for well-defined purposes, some use it for in receipt of well off, some use it as love spells to recover their love one. The key thing to be recall is this real strategy and fitting duty are important for vashikaran mantra in Hindi to get fulfilment. One can start included vashikaran mantra in Hindi yet after bundles of put into practice and meeting to get most great benefits.
In present time vashikaran mantra in Hindi is uncommonly overseeing way to deal with light up every one of the worry people refuse in their regular life. Accepting that you are looking the strong strategy to get comes about that serve to totally handle your friendship problems between problems like How to get love back, how to recover your ex, how to get sweetheart yet again with the use of Love Spells then vashikaran mantra in Hindi will be the result of all request that make your presence hellfire.
There are two types of Vashikaran to be specific Pandit Vashikaran you have the full information to get the better results. You can get the information about this study on the web. Various individuals offering these services give data through their sites. On the other aspect that you need to realize this strategy, you must think the experienced person who is knowledgeable with the harmless methods. It can be useful in resolving many problems in your expert and individual life. It is operate to contact individuals who have attempted these strategies.
Pandit Aman Sharma Love Vashikaran Specialist Chandigarh coordinating is likewise one of the services offered by All Love Vashikaran Specialist Pandit Chandigarh of two people (male and a female) are coordinated for shared compatibility. It incorporates analysis of different factor, for example, Ashta koot and Mangli

---

membership fees and with many users renewing their accounts, although the overall share of Internet traffic using online dating services in the.S. Enhanced Performance Those who hv performance issues shall not be consuming soya products as it reduces performance Enhanced Performance Agree lucky. One report in China Daily suggests that dating for Chinese university women is "difficult" and "takes work" and steals time away from academic advancement, and places women in a precarious position of having to balance personal success against traditional Chinese relationships. Having said so, if ur objective is muscle building den u shall not hv * more dan once a week as it will reduce test levels in body and hence achieving goals will be difficult. Dating in North Africa is predominantly done under family supervision, usually in a public place. "Parents explore dating scene for choosy children". Dating in Korea is also considered a necessary activity supported by society. Moreover th3 Hon&apos;ble Supreme Court of India has also done a great job by discussing another important point about legalizing prostitution. Somebody is giving tip to them. I have to do it for sure as my * is little thick.
21 While some of what happens on a date is guided by an understanding of basic, unspoken rules, there is considerable room to experiment, and there are numerous sources of advice available. In fact, the smarter you are, the more clueless you will be, and the more problems you&apos;re going to have in your dating life. According to a 2007 Centers of Disease Control (CDC) report, approximately 72 percent of 8th and 9th graders report that they are "dating." a b c Sharon Jayson. "Should I follow any rules?". "Can you be beautiful but not superficial?". 138 Iran has a large population of young people with sixty percent of the 70-million population being under the age of thirty.

---

This topic contains 1 reply, has 2 voices. Last updated by Raam Dev 4 years, 11 months ago.
I need a solution for a site I’m developing with S2 Members Pro, the issue is the clients run a chain of shops across the UK and a magazine that is subscribed from all over the world. The client wants its clients to be able to not only sign up online but also in store, the problem is my client will not accept the 0.01p charge on the checkout with a 100% discount code, this is because they feel there customers will not like having to pay online.
I know you suggest 2 options on the plugin: 1 being a free registration form but this is open to abuse if the link gets leaked and will also require a lot of moderation on the admin side of things to make sure each sign up actually did join in store. 2 being a free trial, we can set the trial up to last a year but then the checkout will still require a form of payment to start running once the trial period has ended.
Is there any solution to this problem? we need it to be as secure as it can without being open to abuse and easy to administrate.
What is the best solution for this?
Let us know if that answers your question.

---

The ebook makes a speciality of geological historical past because the severe think about making a choice on the current biodiversity and landscapes of Amazonia. the various riding mechanisms for panorama evolution are explored through reviewing the historical past of the Amazonian Craton, the linked sedimentary basins, and the position of mountain uplift and weather swap.
This e-book provdes an perception into the Meso- and Cenozoic list of Amazonia that used to be characterised by way of fluvial and long-lived lake platforms and a hugely varied wildlife. This fauna comprises giants akin to the ca. 12 m lengthy caiman Purussaurus, but additionally a diversified fish fauna and fragile molluscs, while fossil pollen and spores shape relics of ancestral swamps and rainforests.
With exceptional wit, readability, and intelligence, Richard Dawkins, one of many world&apos;s most famed evolutionary biologists, has brought numerous readers to the wonders of technological know-how in works equivalent to The egocentric Gene. Now, within the Ancestor&apos;s story, Dawkins deals a masterwork: an exciting opposite journey via evolution, from present-day people again to the microbial beginnings of lifestyles 4 billion years in the past.
Colonial dwelling is characterised through department of work and finely coordinated association; besides the fact that, many occasions inside of a colony are the results of conflicts among participants trying to maximize their very own pursuits. This interaction of cooperation and clash has raised many questions in evolutionary biology, in particular how cooperative habit is maintained within the absence of direct replica through staff.
To this point, the dominant paradigms by which glossy scientists have seen nature were established essentially round Newtonian and Darwinian methods. As theoretical ecologist Robert E. Ulanowicz observes in his new paintings, a 3rd Window, neither of those types is enough for explaining how actual change—in the shape of inventive increase or emergence—takes position in nature.
Ecology is in a hard kingdom as a systematic self-discipline. whereas a few theoretical ecologists try to construct a definition of ecology from first rules, many others are wondering even the feasibility of a normal and common thought. even as, it really is more and more vital that ecology is safely and functionally outlined for a iteration of researchers tackling escalating environmental difficulties within the face of doubt and war of words.
See Chapter 15). , Chapter 16. (9) Middle Miocene Honda Group (La Venta Fauna), Magdalena Valley. , Chapter 16). Map made by D. Riff and J. van Arkel. et al. argue that in the past 30 Ma well-documented episodes of marine influence in Amazonia are limited to the Miocene. However, there is no evidence for fully established marine corridors (‘seaways’) throughout the South American continent in the Cenozoic. ). Megafans are low-gradient river systems choked by sediments, which force t

---

I , , , , , 1 ” , , , :0 4 r , , Franka BrunsPost-Gazette CUPBOARD NEARLY BARE Jim Marton strolls through. and includes installation of turnaround lanes for large vehicles. WESTMORELAND COUNTY Man.
He upholds his commitment to the health insurance industry through his understanding and fostering of relationships to support the business endeavors of top brokers across the country. ones you.
Restaurants in Westmoreland TN (Tennessee), Places To Eat in Westmoreland TN (Tennessee) Menus, Specials & Envents are available for almost all the Restaurants and Places To Eat.
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania · Page 23 Publication: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette i Location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Issue Date: Sunday, March 22, 2015 Page: Page 23 Start Free.
He was an avid golfer and lifelong member and past president of Highland Country Club in West View. David (Brenda) Moll, and Cathy Landry; sister of Theresa (Donald) Sheffler, and the late Jennie.
She becomes one of four women on the 19-member board and one of seven women business deans of AACSB-accredited business schools in the country. Wayne Rollins. Hara-lenne, Cathy L. Hillyard, Lisa T.
Sep FITTS, Mrs. Mildred Louise (Gran Carthage, Tn. Graveltown Community 2 p.m. tomorrow. Mrs. Creighton was a Member of the First Presbyterian Church, Belle Meade Country Club and the James K. Polk.
Cathy’s Country Cupboard, Westmoreland TN Opening hours. Cathy’s Country Cupboard is listed as a local restaurant for the following areas. Westmoreland. Near places. More restaurants close to Westmoreland TN. Corner Cafe – Westmoreland. 5234 New Highway 31, Westmoreland, 37186.
Dishwashers, they say, allow you to spend more time with the family andor guests; encourage even teenage boys tn stack away glasses instead of littering the kitchen with them; save space (you don’t.
Hillsboro, Ohio, and Joseph Shaw of Wilmington, Ohio, have been duly appointed Executors of tn* Estate of James Shaw. evening with Mr. and Mrs. Joe Stroup and son. Jean Duke and Cathy spent Friday.
Westmoreland Little League, Westmoreland, Tennessee. 1,192 likes · 19 talking about this. Little League of Westmoreland, Tennessee Offering. Tball.
Call (931) 296-4865 or hcchamberbellsouth.net (Neighboring Counties Entries Welcome) TN-0000856166 mm Preston. outstanding hardware), country walnut dovetailed child’s chest of drawers, primitive.
Best Restaurants in Westmoreland, TN. Reviews, photos, and menus for places like: Cathy’s Country Cupboard Inc, Laquesadilla Mexican Restaurant, Sonic Drive-In, Hardee’s, Kate’s Garage Bar & Grill, Motown Pizza, Subway Sandwiches, Taco Bell.
Companies for "country cupboard" Town And Country Bancshares Inc. Salem, MO US. 522110 – Commercial Banking. Canoyer Country Greenhouse And Gift Shop. Griswold, IA US. 444220 – Nursery, Garden Center, and Farm Supply Stores.
ROSEN High Ridge Country Club acknowledges with sorrow the passing of our. 2010. daughters Elissa and Cathy. Donations should be sent in memory of 

---

Check out these two awesome ladies!!
They competed all weekend at the Heart of America CrossFit Competition. Three days of workouts and fun. They did GREAT!!! Very cool to see them compete. More to come on this, once I’ve rested a little.

---

* 2. How was the session?
* 4. What would you like to hear?
* 5. What's your overall feedback of the sessions/conference?

---

The Champion work “Uncle Ian III (Into the Unknown’, with artist Louise Jenkins, and her cousin David whose father sat for the portrait.
Tenterfield Show 2015 was judged by Tanya Robertson-Cuninghame.
I graduated from the National Art School in 1981, and have been a practicing artist since then, updating my qualifications regularly and teaching Visual Arts for 27 years in various establishments. These include: TAFE, New England Girls School, regional High Schools, and G.I Correctional Centre. I also have a Graduate Diploma in Education from UNE.
My partner and I had an exhibition of our combined work of paintings & leadlights at Maitland Regional Art Gallery in October 2013.
The following show results are those of Borderline members only. Congratulations!!!

---

Currently there are 3 websites listed for this state.
We are committed to providing for the needs of homeless and owned dogs and cats in our community. Serving over 5,000 companion animals annually through direct intervention and many more through advocacy, we continue to promote the humane values of protection, care, and compassion for all living things.
The Delaware SPCA is dedicated to the prevention of cruelty and the encouragement of humane treatment of all animals. Established in 1873, Delaware SPCA is the oldest animal welfare organization in the state and has provided continuous service to pets and their companions for more than 135 years.
Faithful Friends Animal Society is a private animal welfare organization with a No Kill shelter. We are funded through private donations, grants, fees for services and special fundraisers held throughout the year. All cats and dogs in our care stay with us until homes are found.

---

The blog deals with new theories and observations in relation to the composition and structure of the Cosmos.
If you can find observations or experiments that confirms or rejects the theory, you may place them on the blog!
Is anyone able to answer these questions!
What is the length of the coordinates in the two inertial systems S and S' at the velocity v, according to relativity - if the length of the coordinates are identical at v = zero?
1) Is the physical length of the coordinates greatest in S?
2) Is the physical length of the coordinates greatest in S'?
3) Is the physical length of the coordinates in S equal to the physical length of the coordinates in S'?
If the physical lengths are identical, will it then be possible to have any physical length contractions according to relativity? Or, in other words, have you ever experienced a length contraction because of the movement of another coordinate system?
If it isn't possible to have any length contractions according to relativity, how can relativity then explain the relativistic experiments where a Lorentz contraction occurs?
In the quantum field theory, the Casimir effect is a physical force arising from the zero-point field, where the zero-point field is the quantum state with the lowest possible energy.
The existence of the zero-point field, at the same time both confirms the theory about the structure and composition of the Cosmos, and overturns Einstein's principle of relativity.
This can bee seen from the fact, that you cannot - as Einstein postulate - have that "the same laws of electrodynamics and optics will be valid for all frames of reference for which the equations of mechanics hold good" and at the same time have a stationary zero-point field.
For instance will the velocity relative to the zero-point field be different for different frames of reference.

---

2 New England     NE  16  1 plays  -1 yards  0:07   End of half.
4 Pittsburgh      Pit 37  2 plays  -1 yards  1:01   End of game.
2  8 opp29  1:57 Pit Bleier 0             Bas Draw/SI              4-3 sZ Run-Harris, F.

---

One of the biggest games in the world is now available on smartphones around the world thanks to Tencent. The Chinese company’s official port of PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) is now available on iOS and Android worldwide.
We tried PUBG on iPhone X when it released in China last month and came away very impressed. It successfully squeezed much of the PC and Xbox game down to a much smaller screen -- and in places looked even better than the Xbox One version of the game.
It comes a week after rival Fortnite began inviting players to test its own mobile version. Unlike PUBG, Fortnite will allow players to play across platforms -- meaning iPhone players can kill or be killed by gamers on PC or PlayStation 4.
Fortnite recently surpassed pioneer PUBG in popularity. Both games feature 100 players landing on a deserted island filled with weapons, with everyone fighting to be the last person left standing. While PUBG adopts a realistic setting, Fortnite has a more cartoon-like look -- and an emphasis on building structures sets it apart from its rival.
But Tencent may find its main competition for PUBG on mobile could come from other Chinese companies. NetEase was quick to copy PUBG and released similar games for smartphone while the original was still on PC. NetEase says just one of its clones, Knives Out, has over 100 million registered players -- far more than the 40 million playing PUBG on PC and Xbox.

---

Volunteers are vital to Thames Reach in our efforts to end street homelessness and support vulnerable and socially excluded people across London.
As well as helping individuals to take steps forward in their lives, volunteering also offers opportunities to learn, meet new people and experience something different.
Benefacto is a social enterprise helping to get people who work in a professional capacity to volunteer in their local communities. Since last June, they’ve been arranging for professional and corporate volunteers to dedicate some of their time to helping Thames Reach clients at iReach, a weekly digital skills workshop at our Employment Academy in Camberwell.
iReach gives people with little or no computer skills the opportunity to learn at their own pace. Funded by the Worshipful Company of Information Technologists, the workshop teaches practical digital skills, so clients can access services and benefits online, and can also help to reduce social isolation.
Benefacto volunteer Molly spent an afternoon volunteering at an iReach session earlier this month. “You take it for granted but lots of people can’t use a computer,” she said. “It’s so important for applying for jobs and staying in contact with friends and family.
“You can see people’s progress throughout the session. As a volunteer you want to get to a stage where you’re almost in the way. There was a lot of people at the session, everyone was enjoying it, it was amazing to see,” she added.
Stevie Back, volunteer coordinator at Benefacto, said: “Doing this gives volunteers a chance to touch down with perhaps an unfamiliar reality and realise the importance of digital inclusion.
“We’ve spent a long time seeking out the right charities for our volunteers. People working in a professional or corporate environment will tend to have digital skills they can impart through sessions like iReach, which is a fantastic project.
“We’ve really enjoyed working with Thames Reach and will continue to do so. We’ve had 23 volunteers helping out with iReach. They share their expertise and make contact with people in their communities they might otherwise never have met,” she said.
Thames Reach digital support worker Chris Hamm, who runs the iReach sessions, said: “When our service users first arrive, some are apprehensive about using the equipment. Some have almost no previous experience of using computers.
“After a while, though, you can see how self-confident our learners become. The transformation is lovely to watch and the knowhow that our volunteers share with them plays a big part in that,” he said.

---

Volunteers are needed to help with the Assembly for Children at the 99th International Assembly in July. Below are the dates, times, and volunteers needed for each session. If you will be attending the Assembly and are interested in helping with the Assembly for Children, register online by clicking here. A background check and pastoral referral must be completed and can be found on the website.
“Hands-on” laborers needed for take down of Assembly for Children props and décor.

---

Jomsom Muktinath Trek is an exciting trek in the Annapurna and Mustang regions of Nepal. The 13-day trek begins from Kathmandu with the tour of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Next, we fly to Pokhara, the beautiful Lake City and begin trekking from there. We trek in the beautiful Annapurna region and gradually enter the Mustang region.
Our trail passes through quaint villages, cascading waterfalls, lush forests and surprisingly an almost-barren leeward side of the Himalayas. The diverse Nepalese landscape combined with the rich culture of its people makes this trek all the more rewarding.
On our Jomsom Muktinath Trek, we also walk on trails along the Kali Gandaki gorge which is the deepest gorge on earth and then visit Muktinath Temple which is an important place of pilgrimage for Hindus and Buddhists alike. Dipping our bodies into the hot spring at Tatopani will also be a pleasing experience. The trek ends with our flight to Pokhara from Jomsom followed by a drive to Kathmandu.
Day 13: Departure to your onward destination.
• An experienced, English-speaking and government-licensed trek leader and assistant trek leader (4 trekkers: 1 assistant guide).
• Domestic flight from Pokhara to Kathmandu.
• Porter service (2 trekkers: 1 porter).
• Staff costs including their salary, insurance, equipment, food and accommodation.
• All necessary paperwork and trekking permits (ACAP, TIMS).
• Medical kit (carried by your trek leader).

---

After the martyrdom of St. Boniface, Vergilius was made Bishop of Salzburg (766 or 767) and laboured successfully for the upbuilding of his diocese as well as for the spread of the Faith in neighbouring heathen countries, especially in Carinthia. He died at Salzburg, 27 November, 789. In 1233 he was canonized by Gregory IX. His doctrine that the earth is a sphere was derived from the teaching of ancient geographers, and his belief in the existence of the antipodes was probably influenced by the accounts which the ancient Irish voyagers gave of their journeys. This, at least, is the opinion of Rettberg ("Kirchengesch. Deutschlands", II, 236).

---

How to unblock ABC Go UK outside US? Watch ABC in the UK on Apple TV, iPhone, iPad, Android, PC or Mac. ABC is geoblocked outside US. In order to bypass geographic restrictions and access ABC in UK, you have to spoof/change your online location. VPN and Smart DNS allows you to watch ABC in the UK.
If you try to watch ABC shows online in the UK, you get the following error message: “You appear to be outside the United States or its territories. Due to International rights agreements, we only offer this video to viewers located within the US.” That basically means you cannot watch any of ABC’s shows in UK due to geo-restrictions. VPN enables you to trick ABC into thinking you are in USA by giving you an American IP address.
VPN allows you to unblock all US channels in the UK. Watch ABC, NBC, CBS, Netflix, Vudu, Hulu, Showtime, or HBO Go.
VPN apps can be installed on Android, iPhone, iPad, PC, or Mac.
Thanks to VPN’s data encryption, your ISP will not be able to see what you are doing online.
Your Internet speed will drop by around 10 to 15% when using VPN.
I am currently using ExpressVPN to unblock WatchABC in the UK. You can use any of the three VPN providers in the table below to watch ABC outside US.
There is an alternative way to watch ABC outside US. Smart DNS also allows you to remove geoblocks and access US channels in the UK. You do not get a new IP address when using Smart DNS. Therefore, you will still appear to be in the UK for all websites apart from the ones you are trying to unblock.
Smart DNS can be setup on Apple TV, Mac, Smart TV, PS3, PS4, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, Roku, Chromecast, Android, iPhone, iPad, or PC.
No effect on Internet speed with Smart DNS. No traffic encryption either.
You can still use all local UK apps and sites while unblocking US channels with Smart DNS. Your IP address is left unchanged.
No need to install or download software. Smart DNS can be configured directly on your device. All you need is access to your device’s network settings.
Some ISPs uses transparent proxies or DNS hijacking. Either method might prevent Smart DNS from functioning properly.
There are quite a few Smart DNS services available. Not all of them help you to unblock ABC outside US. Unlocator allows you to unblock and watch ABC in the UK. You can check the list of 214 channels they allow you to unblock.
So, you can either use VPN or Smart DNS proxy to unblock and watch ABC in the UK. Keep in mind that you still need a valid American cable subscription in order to sign into ABC. Even if you are outside the US.

---

Stitch can replicate data from all your sources (including Shippo) to a central warehouse. From there, it's easy to use Slemma to perform the in-depth analysis you need.
Integrate Shippo and Slemma to turn your data into actionable insights.

---

As I have been discussing the magic of wordpress themes before. WordPress has brough a revolution as it’s ideal for less tech savy people to manage their website. Now almost 20% of the websites over world wide web are built using wordpress. Lots of other cms are available offering ecommerce solutions.

---

Farmington, CT, August 30, 2016 -- Many Americans realize they need long-term care insurance, but balk at the premiums. "Now there's an easy way to pay," says Larry Golfin, who represents ACSIA Partners LLC in CT. "Just use some of the money that's already in your Health Savings Account."
"It's a shame so few people know about this," says Golfin. "We're spreading the word through our business partners and to the public directly."
"In the years ahead, HSAs promise to be an increasingly important tool for the health and wellbeing of our longer-living population," says Golfin.
ACSIA Partners has agents in all parts of the country who are glad to answer questions. "Depending on your circumstances, long-term care insurance may or may not be the best solution for you," says Golfin. "And the possible role of an HSA depends on your circumstances too. For example, some people may choose to pay some of their care costs directly from their HSA, and the balance from an LTC policy paid for with HSA dollars."
For information, contact Golfin at larry.golfin@acsiapartners.com, http://www.larrygolfin.com or 860-677-4075.

---

So many things happening this weekend!
The highly anticipated PBS Kids in the Park festival is tomorrow, Saturday, June 21. But there are lot of other events for families to enjoy this weekend as well.
Also on Saturday, check out the free Summer Solstice Celebration at the Indianapolis Museum of Art’s 100 Acre Woods. The Windsor Park Neighborhood Association will also celebrate the solstice with a festival in Fletcher Park from 12 p.m.-11 p.m.
Saturday and Sunday, you can experience Native American culture through myriad experiences on offer at the Eiteljorg Indian Market and Festival.
Saturday, the Irvington Folk Festival features its Children’s Day from 11 a.m.-2 p.m. at Ellenberger Park.

---

Deportivo is finally responding the questions regarding the polemic case with Vecindario; the lawyers of the club aren’t only saying that the suspension of Oltra’s license is unfair, but also accused the RFEF of been attacking Depor.
Deportivo is now open to negotiate with UD Vecindario in order to solve once and for all the conflict with the Canarian club. Vecindario is asking for €700,000 as part of a polemic collaboration deal that was cancelled on the past year.
The conflict between Deportivo and Vecindario is now threatening Deportivo. A debt of €100,000 with Vecindario has turned into a loss of €700,000. For this conflict Oltra wasn’t on the bench for the Copa clash.
One of the few positive news after the relegation to Segunda is the surprising reaction of Depor’s fans; a clear example is the number of socios, which is about to reach the mark of 20,000, the highest since the years of the Champions League.
Deportivo can’t inscribe players due to a legal demand of UD Vecindario, while Adrian is doing everything in order to join Atletico Madrid. Those are the two current problems that are focusing the attention of president Lendoiro.
Lendoiro travelled to Madrid in order to solve several pending issues and to participate in the draw of the liga calendar; before travelling he talked to reporters.
The season 2011/12 will bring some changes to the structure of base football at Deportivo; the most notorious modification is the appearance of the Benjamin squad, the ninth team at the youth system composed by 10-year-old kids.
Lendoiro is on war against the clubs that haven’t paid their obligations to Deportivo; there’s a well-known battle against Real Zaragoza, and since Friday the war was extended to Racing Santander; all for the transfer of Sergio Canales.
Depor’s president continues his battle against the bankruptcy law and Zaragoza, while he announced that the club will make six or seven signings ahead of next season.

---

It is possible to erase up to 4 HDD / SSD at the same time. IDE HDD connection is also possible with dedicated adapter.
HDD / SSD is exchanged from the order in which erasing is completed, and asynchronous erase function which can erase newly is installed.Five types of erase algorithms are installed. The erasing method can be selected according to the application.
HDD copy function installed. It is possible to copy one HDD data to up to three HDDs simultaneously.
Data delete contents can be printed with the attached dedicated printer . It is also possible to output text data of work log to USB memory.
Dedicated carrying case with waterproof / dustproof specification is included, which can contain the main body and all accessories.
This product is compatible with SATA 6 Gbps HDD / SSD, but the internal transfer speed is up to 130 MB / sec.
2.5 “HDD and 3.5” HDD can not be connected at the same time.

---

"Whoever gets him, they'll be getting a good one," David Montgomery said.
INDIANAPOLIS — Hakeem Butler has been surrounded by some of the best wide receivers on the planet this week at the NFL Scouting Combine.
It’s an experience that might humble some. But for Butler, it has only enhanced his confidence.
As it stands, 22-year-old Butler is not regarded as the best wide receiver in this year’s NFL Draft. He’s projected by some experts to go as late as the third round. But when wide receivers were measured Thursday, Butler gained some attention: He led all receivers in height (6-foot-5 3/8), arm length (35 1/4 inches) and wingspan (83 7/8 inches).
On Thursday, running back David Montgomery, who played with Butler at Iowa State, captured the general vibe surrounding Butler here.
Butler says he’s met with every NFL team on an informal basis. He had “nine or 10” formal meetings set up for Friday night, but didn’t divulge which teams he’d be sitting down with.
There is clear interest in Butler, who declared for the draft after his junior season in which he had 60 receptions for 1,318 yards and nine touchdowns.
But in his mind, the hype machine hasn’t been turned up high enough — yet.
Butler, of course, is talking about Saturday’s wide receiver workouts. If he crushes the drills, he could vault up the draft board — perhaps into the first round. And he feels well-prepared because he’s spent the past few months working out with some legendary NFL receivers in Calvin Johnson and Anquan Boldin.
Butler met Boldin at the South Florida gym where he trains. He was connected to Johnson through his agent.
Johnson and Boldin are known for being precise, tactical receivers. But Butler says the most valuable lesson of working with them has been learning about how they think.
Butler admitted the first time he worked with Johnson, who went to six Pro Bowls with the Detroit Lions from 2010-15, that he was a little starstruck.
Butler is hoping that one day he can leave a legacy like Boldin or Johnson. But for now, his goal is to prove what he already believes is true: that he is the top receiver in this draft.

---

Building a successful software platform is done by building software with a purpose by solving a problem that people already have. The problem may not be obvious, and it may not even be a problem that people are aware of, but the problem exists. Using Instagram as a case study, I think there are four keys a platforms success.
Most people aren't professional photographers. They don't have access to the tools professional photographers use nor the time or money to buy the tools and learn them. But they do want professional looking photos. Instagram built a platform that had intrinsic value on it's own by providing people the ability to easily create professional looking photographs.
One of the keys that made Instagram successful was that they took something people were already doing and made it easier and better. They removed the need to download photos from a mobile device and then upload them from a desktop or laptop. They simplified the process and allowed users to share exiting photos right from their phones or take a new photo to share.
They also simplified an otherwise complex photo editing process by providing a set of templates that people could apply without having to understand image editing. This enabled a regular person to have professional looking photos without any work.
One thing that Instagram did very well is that it built it's software to work with exiting services like Facebook and Twitter. Services that already had a huge community of users. They didn't try to re-create Twitter or Facebook. Instead, they allowed Twitter and Facebook to get better by making their service interoperable.
Instagram didn't force people to ONLY use their service. Instead, it allowed people to continue to use their existing social media services and augment a specific workflow to be better if they wanted to. Users don't want to be asked to chose between this OR that. They want to be able to use this AND that. Will your software provide additional choices or limit choices?

---

In a small bowl, combine fennel, capers, lemon juice, parsley and olive oil and set aside.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Lay trout on a greased baking sheet. Stuff each fish with slices of red onion, lemon, whole sprigs of parsley and oregano. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
Bake 15 to 18 minutes or until fish is firm and flakey. Serve with fennel salad.

---

Meaningful, reliable and valid mRNA expression analyses by real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) can only be achieved, if suitable reference genes are chosen for normalization and if appropriate RT-qPCR quality standards are met. Human periodontal ligament (hPDL) fibroblasts play a major mediating role in orthodontic tooth movement and periodontitis. Despite corresponding in-vitro gene expression studies being a focus of interest for many years, no information is available for hPDL fibroblasts on suitable reference genes, which are generally used in RT-qPCR experiments to normalize variability between samples. The aim of this study was to identify and validate suitable reference genes for normalization in untreated hPDL fibroblasts as well as experiments on orthodontic tooth movement or periodontitis (Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans). We investigated the suitability of 13 candidate reference genes using four different algorithms (geNorm, NormFinder, comparative Delta C-q and BestKeeper) and ranked them according to their expression stability. Overall PPIB (peptidylprolyl isomerase A), TBP (TATA-box-binding protein) and RPL22 (ribosomal protein 22) were found to be most stably expressed with two genes in conjunction sufficient for reliable normalization. This study provides an accurate tool for quantitative gene expression analysis in hPDL fibroblasts according to the MIQE guidelines and shows that reference gene reliability is treatment-specific.

---

Know Buckeye Trail Class of 2001 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2001 Class List by adding missing names.
More 2001 alumni from Buckeye Trail HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2001 alumni.
Alumni from the Buckeye Trail High School class of 2001 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '01 from Buckeye Trail . You can register for free to add your name to the BTHS alumni directory.

---

Irish crime thriller at its best, Stuart Neville is a fantastic writer. Careful, this will grab you and not let go. The Ghosts of Belfast is the first in the Jack Lennon series but this is one of those series that is loosley connected so reading out of order is not a problem.
Highly recommend any of his books!
Fegan has been a "hard man," an IRA killer in northern Ireland. Now that peace has come, he is being haunted day and night by twelve ghosts: a mother and infant, a schoolboy, a butcher, an RUC constable, and seven other of his innocent victims. In order to appease them, he's going to have to kill the men who gave him orders.
"Perfect for summer—especially if you want to be reminded of what a blessing it is to live in relatively peaceful times."
"Stuart Neville is Ireland's answer to Henning Mankell."

---

The Center for the Study of Culture, Politics and Society (CECUPS) is devoted to the sociological analysis of cultural and political subjects, in particular subjects placed in the confluence of those two realms or dimensions of social reality. In this way, and mainly from a comparative perspective, we make research about cultural policy, the relationship between culture and territory, citizenship and the Welfare State, the cultural construction of Europe or the reflexive configuration of modernity.
Arturo Rodríguez Morató. Mariano Martín Zamorano. 2018. Cultural Policy in Ibero-America – A Regional Perspective. Taylor & Francis.

---

We made it through another Queensland summer – even though we are breaking records this March with a dry and hot Autumn on the horizon! I hope you are all keeping cool and making the most of it.
As we roll into the final financial quarter, now is the time for businesses to really hit the ground running to make sure the foundations are strong, (vision, systems, processes, resource both people & financial) to ensure growth and financial goals are achieved for the year and beyond.
There have been more legislative changes that affect all small businesses around the need to implement single touch payroll and for those who have a builders license, whereby the changes to the reporting rules have been increased. There is an article in this newsletter to explain more about what you need to do to make sure you are not in breach of the new rules.
Our first event for the year will be next Tuesday 19th, 5:30 pm at the Ovolo Incholm Hotel, we encourage anyone in business to come along, we have a variety of experts in their field to answer all of your questions whether it be buying, selling a business, strategic marketing and even Estate Planning which is usually overlooked due to the morbid discussions it requires. There will be a marketing expert who can provide some tips on effective ways to promote your business giving you the best bang for your buck and also automation experts who will help you identify ways to save you time in your business.
This is what we do at Advivo and business growth will be the subject of our May event. It is our motivation for helping people achieve their business goals and drive success. I will, of course, be in attendance at our “Speed Dating With The Business Experts” to talk about these workshops and much more, so register here, come along, say hi, have a glass of wine and see how we can help you!
We understand businesses and our clients are confronted & challenged by an enormous range of issues and changes while also maintaining the day to day operations, not to mention the legislative changes and compliance that applies to different industries.
Register here today to speak with a range of experts about the issues that are keeping you awake at night.
Single Touch Payroll (STP) – The new GST!
Everyone should be aware of the changes regarding Single Touch Payroll (STP) and the reporting requirements that come with it. This includes ensuring your business accounting software is ready.
Click here to find out how this may affect you and if you have any queries contact your Advivo accountant today!
When looking at your business records, do you ever find yourself scratching your head over a transaction because it was a long time ago? OR do you already have enough going on in your business that you don’t have time for the daily processing of creditors and bank reconciliations?
Click here to find out how Advivo implemented AI to help improve these processes.
Are you eligible for the Small Business Instant Asset Write-off?
In January t

---

Here are your morning links!
Janczak looked solid in his second start since returning from injury.
TCU broke through in the sixth inning with a pair of run. Jake Guenther and Alex Isola singled to open the inning. A wild pitch had both runners in scoring position and Johnny Rizer delivered a two-run single up the middle to make it a 6-2 ballgame. The Frogs didn’t go quietly, scoring a run on a Zach Humphreys groundout in the eighth. With two outs in the ninth, the Frogs put the tying run on base with walks to Josh Watson and Isola around a Guenther base hit. UTA closer Andrew Gross wiggled off the hook with a ground out to end the game. Jared Janczak (0-2) tossed 4 1/3 innings. He allowed six runs (two earned) on six hits, walked one and struck out two. Haylen Green and Matt Rudis allowed one combined runner over the last 3 2/3 innings of the game. The pair fanned seven.
The defensive end position is loaded, name-wise, but not very experienced.
This is a spot with a ton of turnover and, in turn, opportunities for new faces. Mathis, who some have compared to Jerry Hughes when it comes to potential, appears to be on his way to a starting role after continuing to earn rave reviews through spring. Patterson hinted that 2019 could finally be Bowen’s time too, so don’t take your eyes off the 6-foot-4 Byron Nelson High School product when fall camp arrives down the stretch.
The cornerback would fill a massive need with Jeff Gladney and Julius Lewis set to graduate.
Jenkins is getting recruited by Jeremy Modkins mostly because he’s the cornerbacks coach for the Frogs. However, Jenkins says he’s built a strong relationship with each of the coaches on staff.
Jenkins was hosted on his visit by redshirt freshman Atanza Vongor. The four-star says he got along with the defensive back as well as the rest of the team.
Equestrian has put together a solid season.
TCU News: Joe Broadnax’s career is over, will Justin Rogers play this year?

---

Grace. What is it? What does it mean? How do you get it and how do you KNOW you got it?
Honestly, I don’t know the answers to these questions. I have no way of describing something I don’t understand BUT believe deeply in my soul that it exists. How do you get these graces? Sanctifying grace is IN your soul. It’s the free and underserved gift from God. Actual grace would come from our knowledge and belief of all things right and wrong – following the Ten Commandments, making sure we follow a path that is pure and justified. Justified means to be sinless, and to be sinless means you are in favor with God. When you are baptized you are sinless and therefore have favor with God. When you go to reconciliation, you are once again sinless and in favor with God. You are in a state of grace. Once sanctifying grace is in your soul, you can increase it by every good action you do – receiving Communion, saying prayers, performing corporal works of Mercy. The most important thing to think about is NOT what you are going to do or how you are going to do it but to recognize God’s love. The reason you can do any good work is because God LOVES YOU FIRST in Grace. You must continually seek God’s grace, continually respond to the actual graces God is working within you, inclining you to turn to Him and do good.
Have I answered the question as to what Grace is? I’ve read through all the study guides provided to me and compiled all the information, but I don’t believe that I’ve properly explained what Grace is.
To me Grace is a feeling. Sometimes it’s butterflies in the stomach, and it takes my breath away. I feel this way every time I think of my husband. We met and married 38 years ago. I see God’s grace in our meeting, getting married, and living our life together as husband and wife. Sometimes it’s a jolt, like an electric shock and then an overwhelming wave of love, like the enormous amount of love I felt when I held my first baby in my arms for the first time. This happened again with my 2nd and 3rd child, and then God blessed us with twins to make 4 and 5. Then sometimes it feels like a raging fight going on inside me, making hard decisions that breaks my heart in two. I have no power to stop things from happening and my only recourse is just to constantly pray. Mostly it’s a feeling of ultimate peace and an over-whelming calmness that comes over me at different times during the day when God allows me glimpses of HIS love for me: when my dog and cat are doing something cute together; when I see the birds eating the seed I put out for them; when a certain little girl comes over to the house and calls me “Grandma”. I just breathe a sigh of thanksgiving and relax in the comfort of His hand.
Where does Grace come from?

---

Everyone seems to want a brighter smile, and teeth whitening is a great option for boosting your confidence. If food and drinks have stained your pearly whites, you may be tempted to rush to the drug store and pick up the first over-the-counter whitening product you find. However, while side effects from whitening products are rare, you should follow these tips before bleaching your teeth to ensure your safety.
If your teeth appear stained, don’t assume you need to bleach them. It’s possible a good teeth cleaning will restore the sparkle to your smile. During an oral exam, your dentist will also check for cavities and gum issues, which should be treated before bleaching your teeth.
At-home whiteners most often use carbamide peroxide in concentrations ranging from 10 to 20 percent. Carbamide peroxide is hydrogen peroxide with urea added. This product remains active for up to 10 hours at a low enough acidity level that enamel etching is not a concern.
Start with a product containing 10 percent carbamide peroxide. If the whitener doesn’t bother your mouth, but you don’t see the results you want, try another over-the-counter product with a higher concentration.
When you choose an at-home teeth bleaching kit, it’s your responsibility to follow the instructions on the package. Don’t leave the gel or strips on your teeth longer than advised or you could experience tooth sensitivity and sore gums. Also, avoid drinking soda, sports drinks or other sugary/acidic beverages for several hours after whitening to prevent etching your teeth.
At-home whitening kits are inexpensive and widely available, but that doesn’t make them the best choice. Professional in-office teeth bleaching can lighten your smile up to eight shades in a single 45-minute visit. Combined with professional-grade take-home treatments, patients see an average improvement of 11 shades. In comparison, over-the-counter whitening requires daily 30-minute applications for more than two weeks to achieve a six-shade improvement.
In-office whitening uses LED light-activated technology to maximize results in the shortest amount of time without causing tooth sensitivity. It’s effective both for people who simply want to lighten their smile and for patients with severely discolored teeth.
Pregnant women and nursing mothers should postpone teeth bleaching.
Translucent teeth don’t respond well to whitening. A tooth-colored composite placed on the lingual side of a see-through tooth is a more effective way to improve its appearance.
Zen Dental Center in Seattle offers Philips Zoom in-office teeth bleaching for safe, professional results. To learn more about this treatment, or to schedule an appointment, please contact us at 206-324-1100 today.

---

Sellers who are non-residents (eg. foreigners living abroad and Japanese citizens living abroad).
Buyers, both local and overseas residents, who are buying real estate in Japan from a non-resident.
If the seller of Japanese real estate is a non-resident, depending on the situation, the buyer must withhold 10.21% of the sale price and pay it to the tax office, with the remaining 89.79% paid to the seller. The buyer is responsible for paying the 10.21% to the tax office by the 10th of the month following the transaction.
It is your obligation to make this payment to the tax office by the deadline. If you are currently living overseas, you will need to appoint a tax representative or accountant to pay this on your behalf. You will need to appoint a tax representative in Japan to file a final tax return to have the remainder returned to you (less any taxes that may have been owed).
*If the payment of deposits and mid-term payments also meet the conditions for withholding tax, the tax must be withheld and paid by the buyer at each payment.
The above information has been provided as a general guide only. For more details on this tax, and for other detailed tax questions, please consult with the tax office or a specialist tax accountant.

---

JPW Osprey Limited specialise in all aspects of façade glazing, curtain walling and cladding refurbishment, operating under CDM often as the principal contractor.
Having established an excellent reputation for the effective co-ordination and management of suppliers, whilst resolving technical and installation issues.
We have a long history of highly complex projects completed on time and to budget. Projects are often carried out with the building’s occupying tenants in situ, causing minimal disruption.
JPW Osprey Limited’s approach to health and safety is extremely important on all projects. The Health and Safety People are retained to carry out regular inspections and audit the business.

---

Yesterday [12 Nov], at the Shoreditch Town Hall, Dr. Macdonald, M.P., the coroner for the North- Eastern District of Middlesex, opened his inquiry relative to the death of Marie Jeanette Kelly, the woman whose body was discovered on Friday morning, terribly mutilated, in a room on the ground floor of 26, Dorset-street, entrance to which was by a side door in Miller's-court.
Superintendent T. Arnold, H Division; Inspector Abberline, of the Criminal Investigation Department, and Inspector Nairn represented the police. The deputy coroner, Mr. Hodgkinson, was present during the proceedings.
The Coroner (to the juror, severely): Do you think that we do not know what we are doing here, and that we do not know our own district? The jury are summoned in the ordinary way, and they have no business to object. If they persist in their objection I shall know how to deal with them. Does any juror persist in objecting ?
The Juror: We are summoned for the Shoreditch district. This affair happened in Spitalfields. The Coroner: It happened within my district.
The jury having made no further objection, they were duly sworn, and were conducted by Inspector Abberline to view the body, which, decently coffined, was at the mortuary adjoining Shoreditch Church, and subsequently the jury inspected the room, in Miller's-court, Dorset- street, where the murder was committed. The apartment, a plan of which was given in yesterday's Daily Telegraph, is poorly furnished, and uncarpeted. The position of the two tables was not altered. One of them was placed near the bed, behind the door, and the other next to the largest of the two windows which look upon the yard in which the dustbin and water-tap are situated.
Joseph Barnett deposed : I was a fish-porter, and I work as a labourer and fruit- porter. Until Saturday last I lived at 24, New-street, Bishopsgate, and have since stayed at my sister's, 21, Portpool-lane, Gray's Inn-road. I have lived with the deceased one year and eight months. Her name was Marie Jeanette Kelly with the French spelling as described to me. Kelly was her maiden name. I have seen the body, and I identify it by the ear and eyes, which are all that I can recognise; but I am positive it is the same woman I knew. I lived with her in No. 13 room, at Miller's-court for eight months. I separated from her on Oct. 30.
[Coroner] Why did you leave her ? - Because she had a woman of bad character there, whom she took in out of compassion, and I objected to it. That was the only reason. I left her on the Tuesday between five and six p.m. I last saw her alive between half-past seven and a quarter to eight on Thursday night last, when I called upon her. I stayed there for a quarter of an hour.
[Coroner] Were you on good terms ? - Yes, on friendly terms; but when we parted I told her I had no work, and had nothing to give her, for which I was very sorry.
[Coroner] Did you drink together ? - No, sir. She was quite sober.
[Coroner] Was she, generally speaking, of sober 

---

I did a bit of work on andinfinity.de in regards to style and function. Also rss now works!
There’s now an rss feed. I also did a lot of work on the stylesheet. I hope the readability has increased and most of the bugs are gone. There’s a bit more in the pipeline, but first I’d like to work on my habit on writing posts more regular. The work- in-progress folder is bursting, but nothing’s really finished.

---

Weekend fun isn’t just for humans. Dogs love to get out and enjoy some time away from the day-to-day grind. But where can you take your dogs on weekends?
#3: Farmers Markets – Orlando boasts many dog friendly farmers markets every weekend. From Windermere’s Friday Farmers Market to the big Saturday markets in Winter Garden and Winter Park – you are hard pressed to find a locale without a marketplace of fresh produce. Dogs at these events have become so prominent that many vendors now cater exclusively to dogs selling homemade biscuits and treats just for your pooch.
#2: The beach – Contrary to popular belief there ARE several dog friendly beaches within a short drive of Orlando. The closest is the Smyrna Dunes Park. Dogs can romp and play in the sun alongside your family.
Be sure to take poop bags and keep the beach as nice as you found it!
#1: The dog park – What better place to spend some time outdoors and close to home than in the dog park. Central Florida can boast one of the nations best dog friendly parks in Winter Park. Fleet Peeples Park alongside the shores of Lake Baldwin has to be the nicest, most popular and respected dog parks around. It’s huge trees supply lots of shade and dogs love to run in the surf of the lakes sandy shores. There’s even a bathing area for our dog once they’ve had enough fun in the sun.
Well, there you have it. The things pet sitters in Orlando like to do with their dogs. Did we miss any? Tell us in the comments.

---

Constant development in Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) technologies results in evolving aircraft, instrumentation, and control programs of these systems. An open source simulator was examined as a potential method of testing UAS platforms changes. The open source simulator was used to simulate flights flown by an actual platform. Existing flight data was used as a base line of comparison for the telemetry data of the simulated flight. Patterns in parameters such as vehicle attitude and throttle output were compared between the simulated and actual results to determine if the simulator produced an accurate representation of a physical flight. Analysis of the simulated vehicle exhibited similar behavior to that of the actual vehicle in most of the flight data collected. Simplification in the flight simulator model may be responsible for the deviations in magnitude observed between the two sets of data. Three points of interest in each of the three test cases were chosen as checks for the values in the data. These points in the flight were studied in the various graphs of the parameters graphed and the difference between the simulated and actual values was calculated. The values at these points stayed within an average of 0° and 30° for vehicle attitude and between 0% and 33.3% throttle difference over the three test cases. The average difference in attitude was 5.1° over 93 compared values and 8.1% in throttle over 18 compared values. On average the simulator showed good agreement to existing flight data and therefore will be a good tool to simulate flights prior to a mission. The accuracy of the results may be improved with further development of the simulation model.
Ramirez Duarte, Jaime A. (2018) "Feasibility Study for the Application of Open Source UAS Autopilot Simulator," McNair Scholars Research Journal: Vol. 5 , Article 4.

---

Expand your clientele, meet and network with potential business partners and make new business contacts.
Learn from seasoned industry experts sharing their knowledge and experience on scaling up productivity, driving profitability and positioning SMEs for sustainability and global Competitiveness.
Reach new markets, improve your corporate identity, showcase and promote your products and services to visitors and buyers.
Explore potential business deals and commercial partnerships with key trade, commerce and investment representatives from around the Country, the USA and the International Community.
Raise brand awareness and generate new business opportunities across multiple market sectors.
Booth prices starts from N50,000 for 2 days. Start Booking Now! Booth prices starts from N50,000 for 2 days. Start Booking Now!
We were privilege to meet with Ebeano Supermarket, Shoppers Delite and Just Rite; we took up from there and today we are on the shelf of these malls. The exhibition showed us the way to do business right and to do it effectively and efficiently. The exhibition also made room for us to meet various investors, who have tremendously been of help to the growth of Hyst Global Business Ltd.
I exhibited at the African Food and Products Exhibition 2018. The Event was a wonderful one and an eye-opener for not just me but for other exhibitors and attendees. From the conference sessions, I acquired knowledge on exportation of goods. The AFPE 2018 was the door opener to my exquisite Zobo Business. I thought to myself that since the Exhibition was for African Food and Products, Zobo is an African drink so I decided to make and sell for the Exhibition. Just like magic, amidst my other products, the zobo made super sales. Now I have a branded Zobo drink.
The AFPE 2018 was great, it was an opportunity to have a firsthand understanding of the challenges facing SMEs, helping us know what products they needed and how they can take advantage of our service offerings. The AFPE 2019 gave us a chance to partner with many of them.
It was an amazing experience, my business was a month old and I didn’t know anyone. It was the first time I got to be in public and I appreciate the opportunity to be exposed. Coming to the exhibition boosted my sales and created awareness for me when people didn’t know me. I have got contacts from the exhibition and they have formed part of my customer base.
Lagos is a commercial hub and it was important for us to share with the market. There has always been a great need to take our products and services to our end users, offering them values and benefits and we achieved that at the African Food & Products Exhibition 2018.

---

Originally, from Chicago, now living in Hong Kong, Jeanne studied improvisation in Chicago. She holds a B.S. in Anthropology from Loyola University of Chicago and an M.S. in Historic Preservation from the School of the Art Institute.
She has performed, presented and conducted workshops in the US, Europe and Asia. Ms. Lambin’s workshops have been described as “amazing,” “powerful,” and “great fun.” Her work has been featured in the Hong Kong’s Top Notch Storytelling Festival, Liar’s League Hong Kong, Literary Death Match, the Art’s House World Voices Presents, the Moth Chicago, Story Lab and This Much is True. Ms. Lambin is a proud to be a founding member of Improv for Humanity and co-creator of The Quest: Improv for Transformation.

---

I grew up with stove top mac and cheese. Luckily my mother often made her own from scratch, but I also had the commercial boxed mac and cheese as well. Personally I’ve always prefered stove top to baked. I know, it is controversial. There is something to that velvety sauce and soft texture. It is simple and concise.
However, as I grew up, the idea of making it from scratch seemed more and more improbable. So I leaned toward the box. Now I am not saying that something is bad if it is in a box but powdered things often don’t feel super healthy in the food realm. Especially if all you are adding to them is butter and hot sauce and maybe tuna from a can. Wait. What?
Yes. I would like to take a moment to address something that we call “Shame Food.” What is Shame Food? Shame Food is food that you only feel comfortable eating in private. Far from any witnesses. My big Shame Food experience was when I was doing social work. I would work all day in a pretty intense environment and then commute home and my wife worked another 5-6 hours. So I would get home, eat something, and then take a nap. That thing became my Shame Food. It was inspired by a natural food company’s spicy mac and cheese. (It has since been discontinued.) I would make mac and cheese and add a lot of cheap hot sauce (this was before we had a sauce business) and a can of tuna. I would not even plate it. I would eat the whole thing out of the pot and then take a nap. I mean the nap wasn’t a choice. That box of noodles is meant to feed a family of four. Plus the amount of hot sauce I added meant I wasn’t really enjoying the meal as much as surviving it. I had to recoup.
This recipe isn’t that dish. It is tied to that spicy boxed macaroni and cheese, that my wife introduced me to, and we would eat it together at a time that we didn’t eat much. Also the roots are a stove top mac and cheese. The kind where the only powder involved it mustard powder and the spice comes from a complex sauce with a bright balsamic flavor and a nutty essence that pairs well with the gruyere and trust me if you finish it with toasted sesame, you will not regret it. Please enjoy and feel free to share with us your Shame Food.
Pour the pasta into a strainer and place the empty pot back on the stove.
Turn heat to medium and add the butter.
Once the butter has melted, stir in the flour and use a whisk continue for a minute.
Slowly add the milk and cream while whisking to combine.
Add the mustard powder and stir.
Reduce heat to medium-low and add the mascarpone. Continue to whisk.
Begin adding the cheese a handful at a time while whisking to combine.
Add the Hatch Sesame Balsamic Sauce.
Return the pasta to the sauce pan and stir to coat.
If the sauce seems a little loose then continue to stir the pasta occasionally on low heat.
Serve in bowls topped with toasted sesame seeds and Mexican oregano.

---

Walked around Lake Merritt. Played two hours of the text adventure Firebird. Took BART into SF and went to dinner at Pane e Vino with my father's brother's ex-wife and her new boyfriend, a widower from a 55-year marriage.
Said goodbye; she leaves for Vegas in the morning to visit some college friends.

---

Melt margarine in skillet and lightly fry onion, pepper and celery until tender crisp. Add flour and blend in. Add other ingredients and heat through. Serve with rice and grated Parmesan/Romano.
How Do You Cook Creole Skillet?
If you know another way to cook Creole Skillet please make a comment in the form below to help other free recipe users make the best of this free recipie.

---

Last night a few of us from The Bier Abbey had the opportunity to stop down the Capital Region’s newest brewery, Rare Form Brewing Company, meet owners Kevin Mullen and Jenny Kemp, check out the new space, and of course try some beers they had on tap. It was a breath of fresh air, for both the continuation of the improvement of Troy, but also for the craft beer scene in the Upstate New York.
The taproom itself looks bigger than it really is, given that the brewery is directly behind the bar. The bar area holds about 40 people, with a small room off to the side available for private groups or holding tastings. Stools and standing room are available at the bar, while there are some tables and benches off to each side.
The brew house is a Beast 5 BBL system from Psycho Brew that allows for brewing either a double batch or two beers at the same time, which will be nice to do some smaller experimental batches.
The taps are split between the two sides of the bar, each side with its own glass rinser, which is good to see (nothing worse than putting good beer in a dirty glass). There will be a couple of nitro offerings, as well.
While looking around I was a little confused exactly where their cooler was, not realizing there was a downstairs not readily visible from the bar. Kevin took me for a quick tour of the cooler they made themselves. It looks like they have plenty of Rare Form branded cooperage hiding out down there.
Back at the bar, glass sizes vary depending on the beer and ABV, and as Todd pointed out last night it would be nice to see glass sizes listed on the chalkboard as well. There are still some folks who don’t “get” that not all beers are meant to be served in a 16 ounce glass, and it can be a shock when someone is served a beer in a glass half the size than what they were expecting.
As for the beers themselves, I’ll be honest, whenever I walk into a new brewery opening up in the Capital Region, I have my reservations and things were no different yesterday at Rare Form. I’ve been burned more often than I would like to admit by local brewers who started as homebrewers, were encouraged by friends and family to start brewery, and never really upped their game. Kevin has been brewing in various stages for “more than half [his] life” at this point, and I gotta say I walked away extremely impressed.
Sabbatical Session Ale – a session rye ale coming in under 4% ABV with enough rye to keep things interesting without being over the top by the end of the glass.
L’homme Chat Belgian Black Ale – an odd beer, as “session Belgian black ale” doesn’t necessarily roll off the tongue but this definitely worked surprisingly well. I thought about adding this in Untappd but I couldn’t figure out what style to consider this. I’ll let someone else figure it out. Also below 4%.
Wee Plaid Scottish Ale – tons of malty caramel notes without being cloying.
Cascadia Double IPA – a DIPA with a “malty backbone” and some piney, some citrusy hops.
Karass Robust Porter – 

---

Athlone Community Radio will be broadcasting live for 4 hours from Golden Island Shopping Centre in Athlone, the heart of Ireland, to Celebrate World Radio Day 2019. Our live broadcast will begin at 12pm and finish at 4pm. The Theme of World Radio Day is “Dialogue, Tolerance and Peace”.
This hour will feature local Musicians from Athlone. We will discuss how music plays a key role in promoting Tolerance , Dialogue and Peace. This programme will be presented by presenter/Sound Engineer with the station and also a musician Cathal McCormack.
Athlone Today is our daily current affairs programme. We will be delving into the World Radio Theme 2019 of tolerance, dialogue and peace in our community. We will feature an interview with renowned expert in Media Literacy Irena Djak Cvetkovic on access to media, creation of Media and the critical evaluation of media and how media can play a part in this theme. With over 20 years of experience in training, Deridre Hunt shares her unique perspective into the world of training and radio. Nikki Dube who presented radio in South Africa to over 1 million listeners gives us an insight into the importance of Radio as tool for Community Development. Presenter and Producer of the Arts Programme,Philomena Barry, chats about Radio in Gambia. Writer Aidan Shortall has written a special poem entitled "Dialogue, Tolerance and Peace” to mark the theme.

---

On the 12th April 2017 Centrica Storage Ltd announced that injections at Rough, UK's biggest storage facility, will not take place until May 2018 at the earliest, following increasing concern about the condition of the majority of the wells. Should Rough continue to work intermittently over the next years, LNG players will want to reassess their regas position in NW Europe. They will be seeking winter access in the UK and summer access in continental Europe. Access to the IUK or BBL will also be an option, however Brexit adds uncertainties. Expect more volatility and trading opportunities as the market adjusts.
This report highlights some of the key market developments in the European energy sector for April 2017.
The rebalancing of LNG market will be driven by strong growth in Asia gas demand, especially in China.

---

Disturbia Clothing coupon code gift !
Disturbia Clothing coupon code gift ! ! !
Disturbia Clothing is always bringing something different and out of the mainstream, focusing on the dark side of popular culture, subversive iconography, childhood nostalgia, and angry slogans, all made with a strong sense of independence, and a quintessential British punk D.I.Y. ethic.
If you are a fan on Facebook, you’ve already noticed they are running a 20% discount, with the coupon code FACEBOOK20 until Monday the 18th.
Disturbia Clothing coupon code! Don’t forget to use it until Monday the 18th ! ! !
Just log into your Facebook account, get your coupon and stay tune for our next special discounts ! Keep your eyes on the prize and, of course, on our Facebook page.
Inspiring graphics of the day – intense emotions graphics !

---

Do You Need Residential Roofing Contractor in Hearne Texas?
Having a high-quality roof indicates that only a experienced contractor should be retained to do any repairing or even replacements. The only way to separate amateur roofing companies from the professional bunch is examining our jobs. As a roofing company in Hearne Texas, we help make our customers satisfied by giving them extremely reliable Residential Roofing Contractor.
The expert services our company offers are very reasonable, and this suggests that our customers could have their roofing problem remedied and not having to dig further in their bank account. Our friendly support desk is all set to assist our clients. Call Roofing Bryan to setup an appointment!
Prior to doing the actual roof repair, we hold appointments with the clients. This technique makes sure that our specialists are better set at choosing the correct methods to any sort of roofing problem at hand. The result is something that the clients as well as our firm are forever happy with.
Do You Want Residential Roofing Contractor in Hearne Texas?

---

Aman Ullah is with Ro Nay San Lwin and 93 others.
The UN Security Council has issued a presidential statement on Myanmar complimenting and criticising the country over its stance on the Rohingya crisis and it also gave the government a month to “get its act together”. The 1,300- word statement was read out by the sitting President of UNSC Sebastiano Cardi, the Ambassador of Italy, at a formal UNSC session on Monday ( November 6, 2017) .
A presidential statement is a statement made by the President of the Security Council on behalf of the Council, adopted at a formal meeting of the Council and issued as an official document of the Council.
A Presidential Statement is often created when the United Nations Security Council cannot reach consensus or are prevented from passing a resolution by a permanent member’s veto, or threat thereof. Such statements are similar in content, format, and tone to resolutions, but are not legally binding. The adoption of a Presidential Statement requires consensus, although Security Council members may abstain. The Statement is signed by the sitting Security Council President.
It was the first presidential statement in 10 years on Myanmar. The Security Council has adopted such statements against Myanmar only three times, with the last one coming a decade ago. Diplomats hailed the move as a unified international stand against a humanitarian crisis that has been called “ethnic cleansing” by the U.N., U.S., France and the U.K.
It strongly condemned attacks against the Myanmar security forces carried out by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) on August 25, and then expressed “grave concern” over the government’s response, the alleged burning of villages and threats to villagers to flee, among others.
It called for reform in Myanmar’s security and justice sectors and urged the government to work with Bangladesh and the UN to allow the voluntary return of refugees to their homes, on the basis of an October 24 memorandum of understanding between the two country.
The panel welcomed a “union enterprise mechanism” for humanitarian assistance, resettlement and development in Rakhine.
It recommended the government ensure the mechanism supported such return and allow UN agencies full access, urging governments and all humanitarian partners to pay special attention to the needs of women, particular survivors of sexual violence.
The council said the government’s primary responsibility is the protection of Myanmar’s population, citizens or not. The statement reiterated concerns and demands previously laid out: an end to excessive military force in Rakhine province, a lack of humanitarian access for the U.N., a right of return for refugees, and steps to address the root causes of the conflict. The statement included most of the demands contained in a draft resolution presented last month by Britain and France, but that measure ran into strong opposition from China, a supporter of Myanmar’s former ruling junta.
It is said that, Ch

---

8i announced today it has launched a web player, the 8i Portal, for its volumetric 3D video of people in virtual reality.
Using 8i’s technology and VR goggles, you’ll be able to walk around a person inside a virtual environment to see their entire being. The Wellington, New Zealand-based startup said its VR platform will allow you to view fully volumetric 3D video.
Previously, VR cameras could record a partial torso of a person, but the 8i Portal goes beyond that. It enables “complete freedom of movement,” and it gives you a sense of “presence,” or the feeling that you are there in the virtual space with the person. It creates a more “emotional connection with the person you are watching,” the company said in the video below.
8i’s platform will let you create, experience, and share immersive 3D video of real people — for virtual reality, augmented reality, and the web. I’m not sure how it can be used for games, but you can see how it could give you a unique perspective at a music concert or theatrical performance.
Linc Gasking, who previously ran countingdown.com (which DreamWorks acquired), and Eugene d’Eon, formerly of Weta Digital and Nvidia, founded the startup in 2014.
To date, 8i has raised $14.8 million in funding from investors including RRE Ventures, Founders Fund Science, Horizons Ventures, Samsung Ventures, Dolby Family Ventures, Signia Venture Partners, Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments, Sound Ventures, Inevitable Ventures, Freelands, and Advancit Capital.
The new 8i Portal is a volumetric VR player for Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive VR platforms. If you use the Oculus Rift or Vive headsets, you can view cool VR videos of people who look real, not computer-generated, and move around them, make eye contact, and feel “true presence,” the company said.

---

In the past five years the percentage of weekly mobile banking users has more than tripled — from 9% in 2010 to 30% in 2015 — while weekly branch visitors fell from 40% to 24% in the same time frame. 2015 marked the first time that weekly mobile bankers (30%) exceeded branch bankers (24%) in Javelin’s survey. “What is driving this incredible growth? Smartphones and tablets are gaining rapidly in consumer adoption but it’s also a function of the fact that mobile banking services have not only proliferated but increased in the quality and features they offer consumers,” said Javelin analyst Daniel Van Dyke during a January 27 webinar reviewing the firm’s Mobile Banking, Smartphone and Tablet Forecast.
Javelin’s recent report Digital Account Opening Reaches The Tipping Point also found that more Americans are applying for credit cards, loans and investment products through digital channels than physical ones. Javelin has argued that “FIs that fail to divert resources from branch to digital suffer a large opportunity cost, missing out in lowered servicing costs for basic transactions and in sales of new products.” The service costs argument rings particularly true for mobile deposit, with Chase citing a cost of 65 cents for each teller deposit vs only 3 cents using mobile. While 38 percent of big bank customers utilize mobile deposit, only 18 percent of community bank and 16 percent of credit union customers do, placing these institutions at a significant disadvantage in terms of service costs.
The branch network, which peaked at 99,550 U.S. locations in 2009, has dropped each year since. The latest FDIC figure of 93,283 represents a 6.3 percent decline in the last six years, although Bryan Yurcan of American Banker was quick to point out that "most of that reduction has come with the nation's largest banks shedding inventory ... many smaller banks have held steady, and even increased, branch numbers."
Predicting that account maintenance will increasingly be performed on mobile devices but there will be times that customers seek face-to-face advice, Schwanhausser said FIs need to "get into the business where they're influencing the behavior of their customers, guiding them to a smarter way to manage their finances. Those are very personal kinds of conversations. It's not about eliminating (the branch) but how do we put the pieces together in a more coherent way?"
While early adopters of smartwatches tend to be affluent or part of Gen Y2 (ages 25-34), mobile bankers no longer carry such unique characteristics. As Van Dyke put it, "The mobile banker of today is the banking customer of today. They're becoming indistinguishable." Mobile banking has become so commonplace that Javelin projects 80 percent of consumers will be engaging in it — on a 90 day basis — by 2020.
In 2015 74 percent of mobile banking users employed an app and 69 percent utilized a mobile browser, dwarfing the 31 percent using SMS text messaging. Schwanhausser said FIs will continue t

---

Roser, M. （2017）。 The short history of global living conditions and why it matters that we know it. Published online at OurWorldInData. org.
Levari, D. E., Gilbert, D. T., Wilson, T. D., Sievers, B., Amodio, D. M., & Wheatley, T. （2018）。 Prevalence-induced concept change in human judgment. Science, 360（6396）， 1465-1467.

---

Well it's been a funny few days. On Saturday I made the best beefburgers yet - the recipe's from a fellow Sausagemaking.org member, Oddley.
I've always been a "don't use anything other than chuck steak, ground with salt and pepper" man, but he's converted me. The spices aren't discernable in the taste, but it wouldn't be as good without them.
Things were going so well, that is until the element went in the fan oven on Sunday. £50 later and it's up and running again.
However, things are looking up again. Maurice rang me yesterday lunch-time to say that the fishmonger had replaced the roe that wasn't very good, free of charge. So yesterday evening we dry salted them for 8 hours, and they're in the cold smoker as I speak.
They certainly look more promising than the last lot.
Very interested in how the online course went Phil, I’ve been putting this off for too long and it’s high time I got one of those certificates.

---

My husband is being posted to Darwin for work and we have decided to drive there. We are going in January and I know this is the wet season. My question is, do you think it will be safe travelling the Stuart Hwy to Darwin in a Holden Sedan at the start of January?
We plan on stopping at all the main towns for the night. I just worry about flooding on the Hwy and we are travelling with a child and want to make sure we are doing the right thing.
Just use common sense. As long as you don't drive into any water deeper than 200mm, and you stick to the road and sealed parking bays (i.e. don't pull off the road into any soft shoulders), there is no problem at all. It's a normal highway.
Of course there is always a chance of major flooding with the highway being cut by water deeper than that, which means you would have to wait for the water to go down before you can continue your journey.
It does happen nearly every year, sometimes more than once, but I really can't predict when and where or for how long. Only Petrus can tell you :-).
Keep an eye on the weather forecast. Big rains do not come out of nowhere, they come out of big, monsoonal depressions. If one of those is heading for the region, then you may have to reconsider your driving plans.
And of course, always check the road reports.
How did the travel go?
That must have been a long journey. I am thinking of traveling around Australia one day. How did the travel go?
In my opinion traveling from Melbourne to Darwin in January might be a bit uneasy, especially when you are planning to do it without any rescue baggage. There can be flash floods, and within just a matter of seconds the entire highway can become dangerous to travel on. Furthermore, while stopping at major cities for the night is a good idea, it doesn't take you out from the risk of facing floods. And of course, you are not going to like the idea of being stranded on the terrace of a roadside motel till rescue workers pull you guys out. Think over it. I guess you can come up with a better alternative than this.
Editor's note: I removed your totally unrelated spam link, mate. If your comment wasn't a dead give away that you have never been anywhere near the north, the link certainly was.
Well, we did it and thankfully had not one problem. There was rain but that stopped our journey because we were lucky enough that the water was off the Ed by the time we reached the apparent flooded areas.... It was a very long drive and all I can say is prepare… prepare… prepare. :-) Make sure you have everything you need in case of emergency and you should be fine.... Wishing you safe travels!
I hope you have a safe trip to Darwin.
I hope you have a safe trip!
That's a long trip you're planning mate, this is what you need: axe, sleeping bag, one huge sack of food, around 30-40 litres of water, some things your kid would like to do, phone, tent, 30-40 litres of oil, torch, 3 knifes, extra tyres (8 tyres), building tools.
Join in and write your own page!

---

JessicaaDivine SarahKeller jasmin. AmyNicollete. LilyRay. DouglasCox.
MoanSweetviking28MishaRayNr1GoodBoy .milksquirtingtitLilyRaymilksquirtingtitdayreth .JURISEX89RomeoHotFighterJoonMaliSamaraStyle21 .VictoriaKisJUSEFFMOREDIVAextasygirl69 .MarySexxxAngelJessica28MENTATOOSHOTXmariochase33 .Ashley707DouglasCoxsouthernlisaLillyJ .MENTATOOSHOTXmatureandyounggAlisacandyyLittleAlica .davidmaxxNicolee1x0NightMan0BigCumsAriana .davetest4126MillkyBunnyTranSensualDollmariochase33 .SamaraStyle21ScarletLove4uBigCumsArianapenetrating .PrettyPocahontasSnowchaniJURISEX89LillyJ .
TatyStarTANYAPRINCEBigeyesGreenMoanSweet .JoonMaliSnowchanilillyflower1990BellaBestBoobs .LillyJAshley707faberxxMoanSweet .CamChaseCuteLilBabemilksquirtingtitdavidmaxx .LolaAssU5CuteMariusForUCamChaseBigCumsAriana .TearMyClothesOffBastetXLionelWooddavetest4126 .TranSensualDollMOREDIVAReginaCuteVictoriaKis .MarisMuscleMoanSweetMilfKate4uVioletNimfa .penetratingRomeoHotFighterBastetXLionelWood .AliceAustinLaMaliciosaantonellarobertsLittleAlica .RomeoHotFighterMarySexxxMELANYFOXHOT23MarySexxx .

---

The Arlington County Board plans to vote Saturday afternoon on giving Amazon $23 million and other incentives to build a headquarters campus in Crystal City, but only after hearing scores of northern Virginia residents and advocates testify for or against the project.
The five-member board is expected to support the plan, which was announced amid much hoopla on Nov. 13. The proposed county incentives are part of an agreement in which Amazon would occupy significant office space and bring at least 25,000 high-paying jobs to Arlington in coming years.
Opponents hope to postpone the vote until after additional public hearings, where they want representatives of the online retail giant to answer questions directly from anyone in the community.
The Saturday hearing was scheduled to begin no earlier than 1 p.m. and last several hours before the vote. Ninety-one people signed up in advance to speak on the topic.
In the four months since Arlington won a much-publicized, nationwide contest to attract the facility known as HQ2, Arlington residents have been asking questions about its impact on their community.
People have looked at the county’s five online Q&A sessions 14,000 times, and about 400 attended community events to discuss the provisions in the Amazon agreement. Board members and county staff also met with scores of civic organizations, served on multiple panels and appeared on television, online and in news articles to discuss the deal.
Most Arlingtonians, northern Virginians and residents of the Washington region support Amazon’s arrival, several surveys have found. Business organizations, universities and nonprofit groups came out strongly for the deal.
But a small, vocal group of activists has sought to block the project, saying that the county and commonwealth should not give any incentives to one of the world’s most valuable companies. They also have demanded housing and job protections for existing residents.
These opponents — including left-wing organizations and immigrants groups — felt empowered after Amazon canceled plans last month to build a headquarters facility in New York City, also with 25,000 jobs. The company withdrew after criticism of the plan from some elected leaders, unions and community activists.
In Virginia, however, such opposition did not appear to catch fire among the broader public.
Officials estimate that the Amazon project’s net fiscal impact on Arlington could be worth additional revenue of $162 million over 12 years and $392.5 million over 16 years.
The incentives agreement promises the world’s largest online retailer cash grants estimated at about $23 million if it occupies 6.05 million square feet of office space in Crystal City and Pentagon City through 2035.
The money would come from an expected increase in the hotel, motel and lodging tax paid by visitors; Amazon would get up to 15 percent of that increase, pegged to how much floor space is in active use by the company each year from 2020 to 2035.
Amazon’s 

---

To find out more information about Dr. Leigh Ricketts, please review the contact information below in order speak with Dr. Leigh Ricketts.
Dr. Leigh Ricketts is a chiropractic practice that delivers chiropractic services to patients in Knoxville, TN.
Are you Dr. Leigh Ricketts in Knoxville, TN?

---

Pre-Owned, AWD Titanium 4dr Crossover, Ebony interior, Gas, 20(city)/27(highwa­y) mpg, Auto 6 speed, I4, 2.00L, All wheel drive. EPA 27 MPG Hwy/20 MPG City! Nav System, Heated Leather Seats, All Wheel Drive, Power Liftgate, iPod/MP3 Input, Premium Sound System AND MORE KEY FEATURES INCLUDE: All ... 4/19/2019 ~ Scottsbluff, Nebraska ~ 0.0 mi.
Pre-Owned, AWD SEL 4dr Crossover, Gas, 18(city)/25(highwa­y) mpg, Auto 6 speed, V6, 3.50L, All wheel drive. ONLY 34,000 Miles! CD Player, iPod/MP3 Input, Dual Zone A/C, Onboard Communications System, Alloy Wheels, All Wheel Drive AND MORE KEY FEATURES INCLUDE: All Wheel Drive, Satellite Radio, iPod/MP3 ... 4/18/2019 ~ Scottsbluff, Nebraska ~ 0.0 mi.
Pre-Owned, XLT 4dr SuperCab 4WD SB, GasAuto, V6, 4.00L, Four wheel drive. EPA 20 MPG Hwy/17 MPG City! Running Boards, iPod/MP3 Input, CD Player, CLOTH FRONT 60/40 SPLIT BENCH SEAT, Alloy Wheels CLICK NOW KEY FEATURES INCLUDE: 4x4, Running Boards, iPod/MP3 Input, CD Player, Aluminum ... 4/18/2019 ~ Scottsbluff, Nebraska ~ 0.0 mi.
Pre-Owned, 4x4 LTZ 4dr Crew Cab SB, Ebony interior, DieselAuto 6 speed, V8, 6.60L. GREAT MILES 52,060! Heated Leather Seats, 4x4, Turbo, Alloy Wheels, Onboard Communications System, Satellite Radio, Tow Hitch CLICK ME KEY FEATURES INCLUDE: Leather Seats, 4x4, Heated Driver Seat, Premium Sound System, ... 4/17/2019 ~ Scottsbluff, Nebraska ~ 0.0 mi.
Pre-Owned, 4x4 XLT 4dr SuperCrew 5.5 ft. SB, Medium Earth Gray interior, Flexible Fuel, 15(city)/21(highwa­y) mpg, Auto 6 speed, V8, 5.00L. EPA 21 MPG Hwy/15 MPG City! Bluetooth, iPod/MP3 Input, Smart Device Integration, CD Player, 4x4, ENGINE: 5.0L V8 FFV, Alloy Wheels CLICK ME KEY ... 4/17/2019 ~ Scottsbluff, Nebraska ~ 0.0 mi.
Pre-Owned, Base 4dr Sedan, Ebony interior, Gas, 22(city)/30(highwa­y) mpg, Auto 4 speed, I4, 2.40L, Front wheel drive. FUEL EFFICIENT 30 MPG Hwy/22 MPG City! G6 trim. AUDIO SYSTEM, AM/FM STEREO WITH CD PL Onboard Communications System. CLICK NOW KEY FEATURES INCLUDE: Onboard Communications System MP3 ... 4/17/2019 ~ Scottsbluff, Nebraska ~ 0.0 mi.
Pre-Owned, 4x4 Trailhawk 4dr SUV, Gas, 19(city)/26(highwa­y) mpg, Auto 9 speed, V6, 3.20L. EPA 26 MPG Hwy/19 MPG City! ONLY 41,158 Miles! Heated Leather Seats, iPod/MP3 Input, Satellite Radio, Smart Device Integration CLICK NOW KEY FEATURES INCLUDE: Leather Seats, 4x4, Back-Up Camera, Satellite Radio, iPod/MP3 ... 4/17/2019 ~ Scottsbluff, Nebraska ~ 0.0 mi.
Pre-Owned, AWD XLT 4dr SUV, Camel interior, Flexible Fuel, 18(city)/23(highwa­y) mpg, Auto 6 speed, V6, 3.00L, All wheel drive. Clean CARFAX. 2012 Ford Escape XLT Features: AWD. Odometer is 72570 miles below market average! Awards 2012 KBB.com Total Cost of Ownership Awards * 2012 KBB.com ... 4/16/2019 ~ Torrington, Wyoming ~ 29.2 mi.
$20,995 ~ 96,077 mi ~ Summit White ~ Good deal!
Pre-Owned, 4x4 LT 4dr SUV, Light Titanium interior, Flexible Fuel, 15(city)/21(highwa­y) mpg, Auto 6 speed, V8, 5.30L. Clean CARFAX. Summit White 2013 Chevrolet Tahoe LT Features: 4WD, light titan

---

J Brand can do no wrong! They always have such beautiful pieces that belong in every women closet. I just wished my wallet agreed with me 😋 Lol!

---

I received the brass that you sent me, and all looks well. Thank you very much for all your trouble and the extra 3 pieces. I feel that you have an outstanding company and are striving the best that you can to achieve customer satisfaction. I will be certain to tell my friends about US Reloading Supply. ~ Michelle Admin Note: By accident we shorted them two shells, so we sent them replacements.

---

So you have your children writing every day. Great! Now, of course, you need to become their editor. Here is where some find a challenge in the natural approach to language arts. What if I don’t feel competent to edit my child’s writing? We’ll address the underlying problem with that argument further down, but for now — here are 10 ways to become a better editor of your child’s writing.
1. Read A Strong Start in Language.
This Ruth Beechick title for beginning grades is recommended widely — from The Well-Trained Mind to Sonlight. Typically packaged as part of The Three Rs, A Strong Start in Language helps you become the editor from the beginning — from the time your child traces his first letters, to copywork, and through dictation. Read our full review (scroll down).
2. Read You Can Teach Your Child Successfully.
Over 100 pages are devoted to writing in this followup to the Three Rs by Ruth Beechick mentioned above. The book speaks to you as your child’s tutor and therefore includes writing activities, writing lessons to get you started and that you can pattern your own lessons after, and suggestions for usage, grammar, mechanics, and spelling. Best of all it tells you what you can expect from your child at various levels on the writing scale. Very valuable reference to finding your way as you teach writing naturally to your children and we cannot recommend it highly enough. You can read our full review (scroll down).
3. Use Learning Grammar Through Writing.
This handy reference published by Educators Publishing Service is now out of print. But it is worth finding. When you find a mistake in your child’s writing, you can find the coordinating pithy rule with an example to have your child copy into a grammar notebook. A checklist at the back helps you keep track of the skills you have covered.
The best way to improve your editing is to read good writing. While you work through the suggestions above, you can be building your foundation in good writing at the same time.
5. Make use of a dictionary.
Before the days of Kindle we had electronic dictionaries handy that included a grammar reference. Although somewhat pricey, the better models not only include the definitions, but also the etymology of the word. Most also come with a built-in thesaurus and other tools. If nothing else, a good dictionary can shed some light on how words are properly used in sentences.
Not popular with some, but a valuable skill for understanding how words work in sentences. There are easy online courses that can help you quickly learn the basics. For simple and easy practice we like The Complete Book of Diagrams by Mary Daily published by The Riggs Institute Press, which also is a great help for Mom.
7. Use Learn to Write the Novel Way.
While your child writes his novel as he works through this book, you have a guide that helps you edit your child’s writing. Learn by doing. Read our full review.
8. Read The Elements of Style.
This widely recommended classic by Strunk and 

---

It comes on again on her grandson’s christening day. A lost moment, a blank spot, one that Carole does not know how to measure. She is there one second, then she is not. She knows exactly where she is, then she does not. Her older church friends tell similar stories about their surgeries, how they count backward from ten with an oxygen mask over their faces, then wake up before reaching one, only to find that hours, and sometimes even days, have gone by. She feels as though she were experiencing the same thing.
Decisions that affect others in bad ways cannot always be traced to one individual. This makes it easier for coporations, as a whole, to engage in unethical behavior.
Indeed, some argue that whole purpose pf the coperation is to make the most money that it can for owners and investers.
I do what I can for you.

---

Definitely my favorite restaurant in Macau. If you want to experience the authentic Portuguese Macanese dishes, with live one man band (sings with guitar) and cozy ambience. This is it. For extra boost to add on to your one-in-a-lifetime experience, try order Crepe suzette! 3-michelin-stars Chef Antonio himself will invite you to join him cooking at your table and be prepared for a fiery ride!
One of many Signature dish – Seafood rice!
It’s getting hot in here -Flaming Chouriço!
Cooking crepe suzette! Be careful with the alcohols!
Tadaaa! Proudly present Crepe suzette by Chef Antonio and Me!
Another popular local traditional Portuguese Macanese restaurant with more mature settings and environment.
The famous african chicken – this one’s a lil spicy! But superb!
Steamed clams! Make sure you dip the bread in the sauce! Yum!
Ended with my favorite traditional dessert in Macau! Serradura!
A cute romantic Portuguese-Macanese restaurant nearby the famous original Lord Stow’s egg tart bakery!
Portugal is also famous for their glazed tiles. So lovely!
Sauteed shrimp with garlic butter!
Soaky wet Portuguese seafood rice! A must!
Pork ribs!! Love the salty taste!
The french fries sure stole the spotlight from the pork steak!
This cherry whisky is STRONG!! be careful!
Pineapple, Mango, Peach juices! Loving these rejuvenating refreshments! Just can’t get enough!
Lovely meal indeed! Bon appétit!
The famous Egg tart!! It’s shooo gooood u guyz!!
A regular Chinese restaurant, but what impressed me the most is the fact that they have a short tiny table where ladies can put their bag on while eating! Talk about hospitality! A major problem for all ladies who carry handbags, basically everyone! We always need to get extra chair, or hang it on the chair, or let the bag share half of our chair! So Bravo! And obviously the food is Goo-Oood tooo! HEre i picked out my favorite dishes!
Crispy pork! Not oily at all!
Crispy Spring rolls stick filled with shrimp and mangos!
Website: http://www.cityofdreamsmacau.com/dining/chinese/jade-dragon Probably the most exclusive and expensive restaurant with millions of dollars on investment, from the interior designs, décor, utensils and obviously the exquisite ingredients for the dishes that are created by Chef Tam Kwok Fung. Be prepared for a fabulous Chinese fine dining.
Prepared for a memorable meal!
Tiny portion, long name, here we go! Crispy yam and vegetable roll serve with sweet and sour sauce, marinated black fungus with garlic and cucumber in aged italian balsamic vinegar, deep fried bean curd with spicy salt, jade dragon dumpling!
Don’t let the simplicty appearance fool you. It’s Lychee wood roasted crispy chicken with black truffle! Umm yummz!
Looking for Dimsum? Looking for fine dining setting? Looking for traditional Guangdong culinary? Look no further! Look for Lua Azul! Enjoy the numerous dimsum menu they offered, but better yet, the taste will make you smile like a crazy person! Or is that just me?
Not a complete di

---

Menara Taming Sari (Melaka Tower) is located at Bandar Hilir, beside Dataran Pahlawan Megamall. It is the first and only gyro tower in Malaysia so far. The tower revolves 360° to provide a panoramic view of Malacca town. From a height of 80 meters, the ride offers you a spectacular and panaromic view of Historical Melaka City and a far with a host of interesting sights such as St Paul’s Hill, Independence Memorial Building, Samudera Museum and the ship, Flor De La Mar, Melaka River, Dataran Pahlawan, Pulau Selat Mosque, Pulau Besar and the Straits of Malacca.
That apart, you will also see the fast and rapid development taking place in the state.
The air-conditioned circular observation deck can take 66 people at any one time. You'll stay up there for about seven minutes. Once it reaches the top, a breathtaking, sprawling view of Malacca as far as the eye can see, up to the Straits of Malacca, is clearly visible, especially in good weather, with the Melaka River running through the grand panorama below.
In addition to the revolving tower for visitors to enjoy bird view of Melaka city, the ticketing building will also be fitted with 5 commercial outlets, which includes a cafe, restaurant, and souvenir shops.
The admission charges for Menara Taming Sari are RM20 for an adult and RM10 for children below 12 years old. There is a huge car park next to the tower. For further information, please contact Melaka Taming Sari Berhad at +60-6-2881100 or +60-6-2813366.
Menara Taming Sari opens at 10:00 am and continues till 10:00 pm, daily.

---

Are going to be able to understand how you might be able to take these things go that much more further into the life that you with actually to be able live? This is the case and we can be able help you do all these things and more as we hope that people going be able understand were going be able help them due through Drones Dallas. People are going to be able have them in more greater ways to be able to know and understand the many different opportunities that they are going be able have them as we can be able help them see how we can be able help them through their our company making sure that they are going be able have that much more better go to utilize these things for yourself.
Looking at this, is can be them in more greater ways to be able to see how action might be able have a greater way to be able to understand the many properties of going be able have to the many different services that we do have through Drones Dallas. Some these things going to would magazine quality photography and even HD video tours are going to be able help you do all that you need to more. This is can be something is can be sure that much amazing we hope that people are going to be able to fully recognize different opportunities to be able to make sure that people are going to be able have all of the need and more.
And making this happen, is can be them in more greater ways that we hope that people going be able to know all that they need and more as a can be able to make sure that you’re going to go to get the much more clearly as understand what were can actually be able help you in doing. This is because we generally care about the quality services you’re actually going to be able to get. This is also one of the reasons that we hope that people will be able to understand that the great quality that were going to be able offer is no because can be able to match as they do not find important of making sure that your needs will be met clearly.
The reason for this is because we also people to be able to understand what we can be able help them due through Drones Dallas. So is things are going to be able include the many different opportunities that people going be able actually be able to get for themselves that they can be able to know how we can be able to make this and more happen for them. This is going to be what we are going to be able hope that people going to be able to do as we can be able to take these things that matter clearly through great customer service as well.
So looking at this, you can also be able to see what is can be the best possible thing for us to be able to do for ourselves as you take these things to the next possible level. That is going to be by going to our website which is can [email protected] We also going that you at 972-885-8823 as we can be able to give you all that you need and more.
Going to be able to understand how we might be able have a better time to all that you need to more? If you are able to do this, you can have 

---

"Extra Eyes for DWIs" on Halloween Here in Fairfax County | McGlone Law Firm, P.C.
"Extra Eyes for DWIs" is an effort that will involve seven local police agencies conducting saturation patrols in all seven jurisdictions on Halloween night (this Thursday, October 31). The police officers will be specifally looking for drunk drivers, in an effort to keep them off the streets.

---

Educating women, in particular, has unmatched transformative power. It not only empowers them but also has a positive effect on their family and surroundings. Women with more education tend to have fewer children, which benefits them, their families and the society at large. Education is also one of the most powerful elements of improving people’s health. It saves the lives of millions of mothers and children, helps prevent diseases, and is an essential component of efforts to reduce malnutrition. Educated mothers are better informed about diseases; therefore, they take preventative measures, recognize signs of illness early and tend to use health care services more often.
To create awareness regarding the importance of girl child eductaion, SOC Films in collaboration with Chime of Change, created a series of short documentaries on young girls who want to achieve their dreams and aspirations to seek excellence in various professions in future whether it's sports, literature, science, math, activism, or so on and so forth. Chime for Change, a global movement is aimed at strengthening voices speaking out to support the cause of promoting justice, health and education for girls and women the world over. These documentaries were screened at an event in New York on 11th October this year, which is also celebrated as the International Day of the Girl Child. The event was also featured in Huffington Post.
Areeba Fatima, a student of Dawood Public School, one of the biggest girls’ school in Karachi, is also featured in one of the documentaries where she expresses her desire to become a diplomat to be able to represent Pakistan at the UN and paint a positive picture of the country. The documentary can be viewed here: http://vimeo.com/107582646 . Dawood Public School is among the very few schools that aim to empower women by giving them the confidence of facing the world through participation in many extracurricular activities including sports, debates, performing arts etc.

---

I was satisfied with how they allocated time.
Build Vacation time the day you start. Receive so many hours per pay period.
There is no encouragement not to use vacation.
What can you tell job seekers about Fulton County (Georgia)'s Vacation & Paid Time Off?"
Glassdoor is your resource for information about the Vacation & Paid Time Off benefits at Fulton County (Georgia). Learn about Fulton County (Georgia) Vacation & Paid Time Off, including a description from the employer, and comments and ratings provided anonymously by current and former Fulton County (Georgia) employees.

---

Private equity group Penta and the company J 23 a.s. yesterday reached an agreement on the sale of the ADAST a.s., a manufacturer of printing presses based in Adamov, Czech Republic. J 23, a company with a significant interest in machinery manufacturing, is purchasing 100 % of the shares in ADAST. The value of the transaction has not been disclosed. The new owner plans to keep the polygraphic manufacturing activities at ADAST.
Penta purchased ADAST out of bankruptcy in 2003. The company was in poor condition and it was having a hard time surviving in the highly competitive international market for printing equipment. In ADAST Penta invested primarily in the areas of production optimization, R&D and innovations. Although ADAST retained its existing production, it increasingly started to focus on cooperative arrangements. The company will continue these trends after its change of ownership.

---

The High brightness is being compared to 350 Watts conventional xenon light source that can be utilized for critical illness like laparoscopy without any problem and with utmost ease.
It has an extended service life, which means it can easily last for 60000 hours at a max, which is 120 times of xenon. This further emphasises that one doest not need to change the bulb for a number of years and can be used for a long time.
We have an extensive range of power from 100 to 240 V / AC; 50 / 60 Hz.
The perfect colour temperature ranges from 5000 K to 6500 K, and the colour rendering is over 70.
It does not gives out light in the Ultra Violet or Infrared Rays.
The customized connector, it accepts fibre light directs with dynamic and on the go areas varying from 3 mm to 10 mm in diameter or span.
It helps saves half the energy i.e. it will be more than 50%.
It is considered environment friendly.

---

Hulen R. Loyd, Sept. 27, 1884 - Aug. 30, 1959. Margaret F. Loyd, Aug., 24, 1878 - Mar. 14, 1934. Hulen R. Loyd was a son of James S. Loyd & Nancy or Martha Wilkerson. He married Margaret Finley McIntosh on Sept. 5, 1902 in Callaway Co., Missouri. She was a daughter of William McIntosh and Emma Finley.

---

Schwarz has been the president of the Greater Cleveland Film Commission for over ten years. He has over thirty years of experience in the film and television industries, working predominantly as a location manager and producer. His work includes “Wild At Heart,” “My Name Is Earl,” “Entourage,” “The Comeback,” “From the Earth to the Moon” and Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg’s “Band of Brothers,” for which Ivan won a Golden Globe.
The Film Commission is the only nonprofit organization dedicated to bringing jobs and economic impact to Northeast Ohio through the growth of a sustainable media production industry. Since passing the Ohio Motion Picture Tax Credit in 2009, more than 110 productions have shot in Cleveland, including “The Avengers,” “Captain America: The Winter Soldier,” and most recently, Matthew McConaughey’s “White Boy Rick” and Helen Hunt’s “I See You”.

---

It’s kind of hard to tell from the picture, but Miss Fancy Nancy is sitting in a chair that is upholstered with children’s b ook covers (well, not literally I hope, but with fabric that has children’s book covers on it). From where I sit I can see The Giving Tree, The Story of Ferdinand, The Hobbit, and one of the Narnia books. It is much better if you go look at the real cover of Fancy Nancy and the Dazzling Book Report.
So, when I live in my house in the English countryside, and I am sitting in my personal library, this is what I am going to be sitting on.

---

Kiehl's Hydro-Plumping Re-Texturizing Serum Concentrate - 1.7 oz.
It takes more than chugging a glass of water to bring life back to dehydrated skin. Fortunately, this concentrated serum was created specifically to revive the driest of skin, reversing age-related dehydration that causes fine lines and rough texture. A potent blend of plant-based glycerin and Japanese shiso leaf extract plumps skin and softens fine lines so skin looks healthy, hydrated, and restored.
Great texture! Went on and soaked in like gel-water and kept my face hydrated and smooth all day. Loved it, will definitely purchase.
I really like this brand and am happy to use this serum as it plumps the skin. My lines seems smoother.
Loved the soft feel on my usually very dry, sensitive skin. I received a sample size in one of my Birchbox purchases, not really large enough to see if my skin would reject it. The price point is too high for me.
I wish it didn’t have silicones in it - I know that’s what makes my skin so smooth but it’s not great for my acne-prone complexion. Maybe once my skin clears up this’ll be a staple product.
This serum is amazing! I have applied this product to my face every morning for the past two months, and my skin has never looked better.
I always use a serum under my moisturizer. I Love this stuff! Feels sooooo good on my skin. I use it on my face, neck, and chest area. Seriously considering buying the full sized, which I rarely do after sampling a product. This one really impressed me!
I love Kiehl's products, but this is not relevant to me. I do not have wrinkles. I have used this to help moisturize and it's okay. I am in different about this product.

---

My stepson decided he wanted a Pokemon birthday this year. The Pokemon figures are pretty hard to make into a cake so I decided to make the Pokeball, which is just a round ball, half red & half white.
I’ve been wanting to try my hand at decorating a cake with fondant after washing billions of hours of Charm City Cakes’ amazing creations and ‘the Cake Boss’. Obviously this would not be anywhere in the same league as the cakes they create, but you have to start somewhere, right?
I have to say that even after making the fondant, I was still surprised at how heavy it was when it came down to decorating the cake. It’s not like pie dough where you can roll it onto itself and move it. You actually need to decide ahead of time to bring the cake closer to you. I found this out after having finally kneaded the fondant so it was just right and then rolling it to just the right thickness and then trying to get it to my cake… And having it rip apart and fall on the floor… Thus having to start all over with a new piece. And I did this TWICE before moving the cake. Ugh. Sometimes my brain doesn’t work!
Anyway, once I moved the cake and got a feel for the fondant, it went pretty smoothly.
Then I went to add the final touches, which I thought would be the easiest part… I had that icing in a can with the writing tips. That’s what I used for the black lines I needed. It came out in globs and made a mess. Then I tried to ‘fix’ it by making another line so maybe it would look like it was supposed to be thicker. It looked awful! Oh well. It was black, it’s not like I could take it back off and start over (the fondant instantly took on the color!). I decided to just be happy the fondant worked.
But then, because I can’t just leave well enough alone, I had to write on the cake. I used that same icing in a can, this time in blue. Maybe it’s just me. I don’t think I can write on cakes. The writing was awful and I was very upset about it. I do have a really nice set of cake decorating tips so next time I’ll see if I can do any better with the decorations using homemade icing.
The actual cake was just a white box cake, I made a blue and a green layer and then I cut each layer in two so it would be a 4-layer cake. I made a delicious vanilla buttercream to frost it. I also added a layer of sprinkles :). I wish I could post a pic of the inside but it was so late after trick-or-treating last night, it never got cut!
I think I’m going to go eat the leftover vanilla buttercream!

---

The 100% Polyester Spiderman Costume 2-Piece Kids Pajama Set is a sleepy set featuring your favorite Marvel hero! Webs not included! Sorry kids. I know that would be super sweet BUT your parents probably would'nt dig that situation. Could get kinda messy and may require extra clean up. So we'll stick to the super comfy Spiderman Costume 2-Piece Kids Pajama Set which is perfect for those snuggly nights you and your family partake in while watching all the Spiderman movies ! Yeah.

---

Funding for scholarships is in accordance with Georgia’s unclaimed property laws, O.C.G.A. § 44-12-236. For more information, please contact Stacey Fields, Director of Public Relations, at 706-253-5287.

---

That Which You Don’t Be Aware Of Write down Essay for my situation You should not must be troubled once you’ve had an essay heading up, needless to say, whenever you don’t feel you can find it finished after our gurus are right here as a way to provide you with a sustaining hands. Our essay aid isn’t travelling to supply you with a duplicated essay. There can be different types of guidelines essays. You shouldn’t really have to be troubled when you’ve had an essay coming up, and of course if you don’t assume you can obtain it conducted then our professionals are below in order to supply you with a allowing fingers.
You shouldn’t ought to be anxious in case you have an essay coming, and will you do not presume you may get it done then our industry experts are on this site so that you can provide you with a assisting hand video poker basic strategy. Essays are inescapable an instructional pupil can produce suitable manner in her or his advisors Research Papers Online Writing Service. These days, based upon the total amount of sheets your essay should be quickly pay attention to a section additionally additionally inventory some information.
One can find different varieties of essays, but practically all them be sure to ask that you will add lots of time towards a old fashioned paper. If you would like to get hold of a very little charge essay at our guidance, then it can be set in destination with the most effective affordable essay copy creator (professor of rehearse or simply just a scientist). The Foolproof Generate Essay for Me Process Publish essay i believe can be an on-line essay composing provider that components entry to producing, correction, croping and editing and higher first-class written content offerings because of internet.
In case you will need to present an essay as well as time restriction is coming, there isn’t any ought to obtain freak out since there are countless specialist writers who will encourage you to submit an original and remarkable essay. Essays are inescapable an educational learner could get absent outside of his or her advisors research paper writing service. The purchaser reports essays are prepared in reasonably priced interest rates. Information On Produce Essay in my opinion You will have essays to your account. Essays have to expose people judgments utilising any person concern.
One can much too acquire essay for college from us should you be just much too hectic to evaluate the investment. Essay is definitely important for students who don’t discover ways to write their specialized essays. It is as easy as quite a few to four all 5 matters you want to treat with regards to your essay. Yet a great deal of enjoy you’ve acquired in writing essays, it is normal that people develop problems when publishing extensive people.
Very low essays will lower your possess levels. The Undetected Key of Produce Essay for my situation Essay is significant for college students who don’t know the way just to write their parti

---

Cyrsti's Condo: The Right or Wrong Person for the Job?
The Right or Wrong Person for the Job?
I really don't know how many times I have sworn myself off the "allure" or lack of it from Caitlin Jenner.
Of course I know the non negotiables. Without a doubt she is the biggest public relation's splash ever in the transgender community. Now we have a former Olympic hero along with Navy Seal Kristin Beck as recent "coming out" stories. In fact, Kristin is running for US Congress.
I am sure Jenner's life will ever allow her to ever experience the everyday lives we live as transgender women. Can you imagine the paparazzi crowding into a women's restroom with her?
After watching her last show rater intently (and knowing it's a glossy over produced Kartrashian show) I couldn't see the emotion in Jenner. Again, I don't know all the facts about her, except she went out and bought the best plastic surgery money could buy. Again, maybe that's why I can't see any emotion in her face-she can't move it!!!!
Plus, I have no idea how long she has been back on HRT. It took me three years on hormones to begin to see the world in a different way. When I watch Jenner, I wonder if she has passed over (no pun intended) to the feminine side much at all. She tries to overtalk most people and doesn't want to listen for the real problems-typical male.
Then again, maybe I am just watching the true quandary of a Mtf gender transition play out with Jenner. I don't question the pure persistence and strength it takes to jump the gender fence. It will be interesting to see in the years to come what happens with Jenner. Will a "softer-gentler" Caitlin truly begin to enjoy a life in the girls sandbox? Or, will the ego trip of doing it still be more important?

---

This topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by Lodewijk Luijt 1 year ago.
I’d like to pitch an idea to a production company that involves filming 1 theater play from 3 (camera)locations. Is there anyone that knows an example of 3 synchronised 360 video cam’s shooting on a set?

---

Come join us in celebrating the release of Greenville writer (and Presbyterian College professor) Terry Barr's first book of essays, Don't Date Baptists and Other Warnings from My Alabama Mother. A literary cousin of the great memoirs of fellow Alabama boy Rick Bragg, this collection explores what it was to come of age in the deep New South of the 1970s. Spread the word. Bring your friends, family, neighbors, Baptists, Methodists, Athiests... in other words come one and all!

---

Both the federation of states and the federal super-state describe the same zero-sum game from different angles. Either there is one single state of Europe (federalism), in which case there are no national member states; or else the national member states remain Europe’s rulers, in which case there is no Europe (inter-governmentalism). Within this framework of thought, whatever Europe gains, the individual nations lose. And this is true whether one is for a given option or against it. Caught up in the false alternatives of the national gaze, we are given the choice between no Europe or no Europe.
The decline of the nation-state is really a decline of the specifically national content of the state and an opportunity to create a cosmopolitan state system that is better able to deal with the problems that all nations face in the world today. Economic globalisation, transnational terrorism, global warming: the litany is familiar and daunting. There are a host of problems that are clearly beyond the power of the old order of nation-states to cope with. The answer to global problems that are gathering ominously all around and that refuse to yield to nation-state solutions is for politics to take a quantum leap from the nation-state system to the cosmopolitan state system. Politics needs to regain credibility in order to craft real solutions.
More than anywhere else in the world, Europe shows that this step is possible. Europe teaches the modern world that the political evolution of states and state systems is by no means at an end. National realpolitik is becoming unreal, not only in Europe, but throughout the world. It is turning into a lose-lose game.
Europeanisation means creating a new politics. It means entering as a player into the meta-power game, into the struggle to form the rules of a global order. The catchphrase for the future might be: move over America, Europe is back.
The EU uses money for things that the various countries governments would not dream of spending it on, such as regional projects, culture, the arts and so on. The governments would probably just use that money to bail out banks..

---

This Tuesday, October 9th, we will taste through the line of Bayou Rum from Louisiana, distilled from locally grown sugarcane and molasses.
Welcome Punch will be poured at 8:30pm and will start the tasting at 9p sharp.
This event is free for Caña Rum Bar members, $15 for non-members.

---

NC series toilets were installed in 26 patient bathrooms as part of the renovations performed at the Bielefeld hospital.
The hospital's technical director and hygiene expert chose the TOTO toilets because they were proven to dramatically reduce bacterial loads required for a German Hygiene Certificate. The new Tornado Flush technology, special CeFiONtect glaze and easy-to-clean rimless bowl prevent dirt and bacteria from accumulating in the toilet. The flush is also far quieter than conventional toilets.

---

FH PRO Omega 3 contains the fats you need to support optimal reproductive health and fertility. Includes pharmaceutical grade EPA and DHA for maximum purity and quality.
Do you have a fear of dietary fat? If your answer is yes, it wouldn’t be surprising, given that for several decades now we have been told that eating foods that contain fat is bad for our waistlines and our hearts. This fear of dietary fat has given rise to a huge demand for low fat foods, and the aisles of the grocery store are now stocked with reduced-fat and fat-free options of just about every food imaginable. But, unfortunately, our obsession with avoiding all types of dietary fat comes at a cost for fertility. While it is certainly true that too much of the wrong types of fat, namely saturated fats and trans fats, are not good for our overall health, there are certain types of fat that are, in fact, essential to good health and optimal fertility. FH Pro Omega 3 contains the fats you need to support optimal reproductive health and fertility.
FH-Pro Omega 3 for Men and Women contains oil only from small fish, including herring, mackerel, sardines and anchovies, caught in the cold water of Iceland using sustainable fishing practices. The EPA and DHA-rich oil is then processed in a GMP (good manufacturing practices)-compliant facility to remove heavy metals and pesticides, resulting in premium quality fish oil that is pharmaceutical grade and meets or exceeds all official regulations related to environmental contaminants.
I have been trying to concieve for years and have tried different omega-3’s. This one is small and doesn’t leave a bad after taste. I wouldn’t use any other brand, I love it!
one of the better i’ve found, they are pretty small and don’t have a bad aftertaste like most others.

---

Mahatma Gandhi1 once said, “The world provides enough for every man’s need but not for every man’s greed.” Sometimes it’s easy to agree with proclamations of world peace and say things like, “The rich should really give to the poor and solve world hunger!” However, when the giving strikes closer to home, it can be tougher than we think.
I once had a watch that I thought was seriously cool. It was a boy’s watch, but I didn’t mind; it had all the dials and gadgets you could want. I visited my family and my younger brother was crazy about my watch and asked if he could have it. I told him I couldn’t possibly part with such amazingness and sadly left it at that. Shortly after getting home, my treasured watch met with an accident and broke. It was then that I realized how stupid it was that I’d missed the opportunity to give it to my little brother, who was so much more important to me than that watch ever could be. It might not have lasted him forever either, but at least he would have been happy for a while. And more than the watch, the meaning behind my giving him something special would have stuck with him so much longer.
I try to remember that incident whenever I’m tempted to be selfish with my things or start to prize them too highly. It’s great to have nice things and groovy gadgets. (Don’t tell anyone, but I’m fairly addicted to my phone, which contains all my appointments, mail, reminders, to-do lists, Facebook, Twitter, Messenger, Google, and favorite games.) These days, the “must-have” gadgets are endless—from smartphones, iPads, laptops, and gaming equipment right down to 3D home TVs! If you’re able to have some of these nice things and enjoy them and they help you with your work and studies, or are also a fun source of entertainment, technology can be great. But it’s good to step back sometimes and imagine what it would be like if one day all those things instantly disappeared. After your initial withdrawal symptoms, you’d realize that life goes on without material things. What matters most are our loved ones—our friends and family members. Sometimes we can forget this truth, and that’s when we tend to act selfishly.
The act of giving not only helps those we give to, but us as well. Luke 6:38 says, “Give, and it will be given to you.”2 Sometimes what you get back will be something tangible, such as the Lord supplying things you need or someone giving to you, but more often than not what you receive in return is the satisfaction that you did something good. Have you ever given someone something they really needed or wanted and watched their face light up? It’s an amazing feeling!
An old American movie from the 1930s called The Man Who Played God is about a concert pianist who lost his hearing in a bomb explosion. He finally got through his depression when he learned how to read lips. He’d watch people in Central Park (New York City), where they’d talk about their problems and troubles, and he would do what he could to solve their problems 

---

New research from the University of Illinois in Chicago suggests that fetal exposure to a commonly used chemical which is found in products such as water bottles, soup can liners and paper receipts, can increase the risk of prostate cancer later in life.
Exposure of the fetus to the chemical BPA in utero has been linked to several kinds of cancer, including prostate cancer, in rodent models in the past. The new findings show that human prostate tissue could also be susceptible.
"The safety of BPA has long been a contentious topic of debate and this is not the first time that it has been linked to some types of cancer. However, research in this area is fraught with difficulties because it relies solely on testing the impact of the chemical in cell or animal models. It is therefore difficult to draw conclusions as to what might happen in real-life and as such we cannot make a definitive link between BPA exposure and prostate cancer in later life based on the results of this study.
This study highlights that much more needs to be done to identify the lifestyle and environmental factors that put men more at risk of prostate cancer so that we can start to reduce the number of deaths from the disease."

---

Call (507)537-1537 for an appointment!
Our online stores house thousands of small and large animal products for your companions and even for your livestock!
Click on the logos above to enter the store of your choice!
Added bonus -> ALL ITEMS SHIP RIGHT TO YOUR HOME!
Only a $38 order qualifies you for FREE SHIPPING!

---

OpenWRT that use -Os to make small binaries.
OS X.  I don't know enough about the other platforms to say.
Here's the Debian docs on the topic.

---

Jewish Women's Archive. "Lesson Plans." (Viewed on April 22, 2019) <https://jwa.org/teach/lessonplans>.

---

Karl Kispert, principal of cyber and information security, has more than 28 years of experience in selling, managing and delivering information risk management, internal audit, regulatory and compliance programs, and information security and technology risk management.
A former chief information security officer, Kispert has helped design and implement cybersecurity programs for many firms, according to the firm.
“By adding this new service line, and bringing someone with Karl’s expertise to the firm, we can service yet another important aspect of our clients’ and prospects’ businesses, ensuring their continued success,” CEO Louis Grassi said in a written statement.
Services will include full security programs, compliance, third party vendor risk assessment, threat management, and managed security services.

---

Queen Elizabeth II has always been a strong champion of British couture - especially in her stunning 50s fashions. Her charm, confidence and regal style captured the imagination of the American public when she hosted the President and Mrs. Eisenhower at the British Embassy in Washington, D.C. Wearing a magnificent pale green crinoline evening dress - hand-embroidered with sequins, pearls, beads and diamante - she regally displayed her passion for fashion. Now, in honor of that historic occasion, The Hamilton Collection recreates her royal look with the Reflections of Queen Elizabeth II Figurine, an exclusive, limited-edition first-ever.
Every inch of this handcrafted figurine is skillfully crafted and painted by hand, from her regal pose and sculptured fur wrap to the intricate bas-relief floral pattern on her gown. Soft pearlescent and brilliant metallic gold paints accentuate the bas-relief to wonderfully reflect the design of the original dress, while metallic silver paint and glitter accents adorn her tiara and jewelry. And if all that weren't enough, her breathtaking gown is lavished with 90 individually hand-set Swarovski® crystals - like the ones the queen still uses to accent her gorgeous ensembles today! A beveled-edge, polished mirror base, graced with the queen's golden royal crest, further reflects the beauty of this glorious Royal Family collectible, which includes a Collector's Card featuring details about the iconic gown it depicts.

---

The Christmas Market is guaranteed to set the Christmas mood for shoppers and vendors alike. Come and join us, to experience the joy of shopping, in a country atmosphere, all the while looking for that unique gift for yourself or someone you love.
Saturday November 11, 1-5 pm.
Prairie Pine Decor- Born from our love of woodworking and our infatuation with farmhouse Decor. Specializing in handcrafted clocks and home decor.
Handmade with Love- Working with used materials as local findings to create vintage indoor and outdoor furniture and decor.
Golden Butterfly- We are all about unique handmade items for children and your home. Children’s accessories such as various types of head bands, bibs, scarves, baby blankets and pacifier chains. Home decor such as blankets throw pillows and wreaths are only a few items we live to create.
Chrystal Sabourin Soaps- Creating soothing and cleansing soaps, perfect for the holiday season.
Then & Now – Designs by Wanda- An expression of my love for painting and transforming old pieces into something new and refreshing.
Crimson & Violet- Specializing in Natural Skin care, as well as versatile bags made from reclaimed material.
Oma’s Quilt Shop- Selling aprons, and various quilt supplies ready made or made ready for you to create.
Old Church Bakery – What a treat to have once again Old Church bring their line up of speciality breads and some Christmas cookies.
Annie Lynn’s Custom – Creating home decor with a rustic modern touch, vintage inspired one of s kind items.
Artist Pivot- A variety of antiques in vintage and retro collectives. A flea markets dream, with an assortment of new and gently used items.
Rootsies Baby Muks- Re-purposed leather and fabric toddler footwear that is durable with barefoot like comfort.
Prairie Pickers – Antiques and rustic home decor are just some of the unique treasures that you will find and be able to add to your collections.
Dadirri Naturals- All natural alternatives for health and beauty at your finger tips. Quality ingredients and hand crafted products that are great for body and your world.
Barnboard & Pallet Creations- A rural Manitoba business specializing in Rustic, Repurposed, and Vintage decor.
As you can see, this line-up of artisans and vintage collections is going to be fantastic. We are so excited to host and create a special Christmas shopping experience for all of you. See you at the first annual, Thistle Lane “Christmas in the Country”!
Follow us on social media @Thistle Lane Bed & Breakfast for directions, special sneak peeks and more!

---

Anna Rispoli is an artist, she carries out plastic and performative work on the issues of shared property, town planning, collective identity and civic engagement. Her projects come about as a result of field observations and, in particular, zones of urban conflict where she meets inhabitants to draw on their experiences and stories. These encounters aren’t as straightforward as all that, they involve a reflection on the ways we approach strangeness but also, sometimes, associating with adversity. How can we speak with what we have identified as the language of the enemy? How can we cross the border between apparently opposing positions, not to reconcile them in the fantasised about myth of the consensual community, but to enrich the ways we apprehend adversity and our methods of conflictual interaction which, don’t forget, are the basis of all democracy. Anna Rispoli invents a mechanism which enables us to make these questions, often repressed by our contemporary societies, something which can be experienced by everyone.

---

I hope you, your kitties, family, friends and loved ones have plenty of blessings to share this holiday season. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year from my family to yours!
If you follow us on Facebook or if you have followed us for years, then chances are you have already seen this photo. It is my all time favorite cat Christmas photo, so I share it yearly.
Poinsettias are poisonous if cats eat them, so it’s not the best photo to share because of that. However, my mom has never had a cat bother a poinsettia – so she always left them out. My sister took this photo of my Rags when he was 18 years old.
Christmas ALWAYS reminds me of my childhood and of Rags. We were gifted with Rags as a Christmas present (I am holding him in the photo below and my brother, Marsh, is holding Cosby who passed at 10 months from FIP).
The day we got rags. I am holding Rags. My older brother, Marsh, is holding Cosby, my little brother, Spencer, is in the box and Snickers is the GSD.
Christmas also reminds me of Rags because I always had him help me unwrap my presents – even his last Christmas at 19 years old, I lugged him over to my parents’ house to help me undo my stocking. He laid on the couch as an old man and just bitchy meowed at me, while we undid the stocking.
My fondest memories are of him playing in all the wrapping paper before my mom would scoop it up and put it in the garbage bag. Or how he would help me play with new toys or set up new doll houses. Murphy, my parents’ 14-year old Ragdoll, still loves to play with wrapping paper – and he’s a sucker for curling ribbon – gotta be careful with that (Murphy had surgery at 18 months old from eating and swallowing curling ribbon).
Yeowww! Catnip bananas also always remind me of Christmas and Rags because Santa left one in Rags stocking when he was 15 years old – and he went nutzo for it….not only that, but continued to play with it over and over again – something he had never done with a toy.
Do you have any cats and Christmas stories to share?
so true – that’s true in life too – special days usually don’t fall on special holidays!

---

HOW do we explain why 5.5m French voters in the first round of the presidential elections voted for far-right parties that are xenophobic, anti-semitic, racist and ultra-nationalist? Sounding off about the wrongness of the vote will not help understand the reasons underlying their choice. Everybody in politics needs to begin an urgent, thorough and much-needed self-criticism.
The vote may have been a valuable wake-up call for France if it opens the eyes of party leaders and revives the debate on how to build a nation based on justice and solidarity. What vanished in April was the comforting thought that although everything was changing in the world outside, in French politics everything could stay the same; that two ageing parties, the Gaullists and the Socialists, could share power as they had done for 30 years.
People have sensed for some time that these two political forces are worn out. Their historic mission seems to have ended. Each in its own way gives the impression of an organisation going nowhere, with crumbling infrastructures, no organisation or programme, no ideology, no identity and no compass for the journey ahead.
Previous elections had already shown that neither party was capable of addressing the needs of millions of people who are genuinely frightened by the new realities of the post-industrial world that has emerged after the collapse of the Berlin Wall and the end of the cold war. The disposable workers, the underclasses of the banlieues, the long-term unemployed, the excluded, the many people pushed into early retirement, the young people in precarious jobs, the families on the brink of poverty. For all these, the recent past has brought years of fear and anxiety, with many familiar landmarks apparently gone forever.
The Socialist party in particular, with almost no working-class people in its local organisations and several leaders in the supertax bracket, gives the impression that it lives on another planet, light years from the experiences of ordinary people. It has shown itself remarkably insensitive to what Daniel Mermet describes as “the sufferings of under-France”.
What about the right? Some conservative politicians see the far right as untouchable, but others have been happy to do electoral deals with it. The former liberal leader, Michel Poniatowski, recently wondered in public whether it was “any more immoral to accept the votes of communists, who murdered millions of people in Europe, than those of the National Front” (1). This perverse logic allowed Christian Democrat leaders of the Union pour la démocratie française (UDF) to accept National Front votes in 1998 to be elected to the presidency of five French regions.
While this plague infected the inner workings of France’s political institutions, was it reasonable to imagine that France would remain immune to the upsurge of far-right politics in its immediate neighbours (see Fascism isn’t what it used to be, by Jean-Yves Camus, in this issue)? Or likely that Fran

---

I love the summer bounty! The fresh vegetables and fruit are so colorful and succulent, who can resist eating these vibrant beauties? Our bodies thrive on raw plant-based foods. I think this is why our creator made fruits and vegetables look soo enticing! Asking yourself “How can I get this more of these beauties into my diet?” Then follow me over the next few weeks because I will be preparing raw plant-based recipes. Summer is the best time to set started – you’ll beat the heat (in and out of the kitchen) and eat seasonally at the same time!
This beautiful summer salad will brighten up any meal. Great with peaches or try cherries, nectarines or plums!
Over the years, I have been trying to incorporate more raw foods into my diet and here’s why: I want to stay feeling and looking young, and free of disease. Plant-based foods are the best sources of disease-fighting antioxidants, inflammation-fighting polyphenols, and a host of nourishing vitamins and minerals and I want to load my body up with that protective goodness!
But a completely raw diet can be complicated and expensive. And I am a busy, working mom who’s a foodie, to boot. My goal is to find ways to easily prepare and enjoy more live raw food as a way of adding more healing nourishment into my diet. You don’t have to eat 100% raw to feel the energizing benefits. But it does take a shift in how and what foods you prepare. All you need is a little know-how to get started. Here are the steps that I took to get started.
It’s tempting to make a drastic dietary change because we just want to feel better NOW. I commend your enthusiasm but remember, it is better to start small and follow through, then go big and get overwhelmed and give up. Choose one thing and stick with it. Try adding a green smoothie to your morning routine or swapping out your regular lunch for a big, raw salad. Once you’ve made this first step a part of your routine, add something else. These little steps will lead to big health changes over time.
When starting a new way of eating, it’s common to focus on what you are losing. Instead, concentrate on what power foods you can add to enhance the nutritional value of each meal. Eating more plant-based foods may encourage you to experiment with different cuisines, along with new herbs and spices. Yum, yum! Don’t worry about what you’ll need to give up. Focus on what you’re gaining: flavor, nutrition and energy.
No need to over-complicate and feel stressed out! Start by sticking to the basics: smoothies, soups, salads, slaws. Over time, you will expand your collection of delicious, healthful, amazing raw plant-based recipes.
Find a day that works for you and take 30-40 minutes to prepare your fruits and veggies for the week ahead. Grate veggies (carrots, radishes, zucchini) for salads. Cut and freeze fruit for smoothies. Make staples to keep on hand (salad dressings, hummus, cooked grains). A little work today will help you make healthier choices all week long!
Ideally, every Sunda

---

This dog brooch pin is made with polymer clay, painted, and sealed with varnish for protection. It is made and painted by hand so each pin has some variation and is unique in its own way!
The pin is 1.5" x 1.5" with rubber clutch backing and comes with a backing card.

---

Road map for PM Modi's complete road-show. Watch complete video for complete details.
PM Modi's road show to be 7 km long. Watch complete video to know more.

---

When it comes to divorce in Salt Lake City, each party has a lot to lose–especially if you have children or significant assets. One of the most complex issues is the division of assets and property. Utah law requires the distribution to be equitable. In many divorce cases, both parties are unable to agree how to divide property and assets. It can often create an acrimonious situation. An experienced and knowledgeable Salt Lake City divorce lawyer can often make the difference between getting the settlement you deserve to losing everything you have rightfully earned.
In most Utah divorces, there are three major assets that are usually involved–the home, personal property and retirement plans/investments. Here is a brief rundown on how Utah courts determine equitable asset and property division.
Home & Property: Many of the most heated divorce cases in Salt Lake City involve which party is entitled to receive the home. The court can use several different methods of determination. Here are the most common depending on the circumstances of each case. First, the court may order the house to be sold and equity divided among the two parties. The court may also allow one party to buy out the other person’s interest in the real property. Another common ruling is to have the property awarded to one party and the remaining assets of equal value given to the other.
Personal Property: Personal property is classified as the ownership of any material possessions that can be moved. It includes cars, furniture, and clothing. While most people do not share clothes, the determination of vehicles and furniture can sometimes become complex–especially if they are co-owned by each party. Utah courts place a priority on dividing personal property equitably.
Retirement Plans & Investments: The division of retirement and investment accounts can sometimes get complicated under Utah family law. If only one party has a pension or retirement plan, in most cases the other party is entitled to half of the amount earned during the time of the marriage. Any money earned before the marriage will not be divided. If both parties have their names on investment or retirement plans, the court can rule either two ways. Both individuals can retain the full value of their own plans or the court will order an equitable distribution of all accounts.
In a perfect world, divorcing couples can agree to divide assets and property on their own. Unfortunately, that is not always the case. But there are some solutions to come up with a reasonable agreement. One viable option is mediation. Many Salt Lake City divorce attorneys offer mediation services to help couples find common ground on some of the most difficult family law issues. Under Utah family law, both parties are required to undergo at least one mediation session to attempt to resolve their differences. A mediator is an independent arbitrator who can listen to both sides explain their issues and concerns. It is often a less stressful alte

---

Bridging science and policy decision-making.
Toyin Ajayi, MD, MPhil, is Chief Health Officer at Cityblock Health, a New York–based health and social services company focused on providing integrated health and social care for low-income urban populations with complex health and social needs.
Prior to this, Dr. Ajayi served as Chief Medical Officer at Commonwealth Care Alliance (CCA), a Massachusetts nonprofit health plan and integrated care delivery system created to provide high-quality care to people with complex health needs. In this role, she directed clinical programs and oversaw clinical care delivery, care management, and clinical operations.
Dr. Ajayi is a board-certified family physician and maintains an active clinical practice. Prior to joining CCA in 2013, Dr. Ajayi was an attending physician at Boston Medical Center’s Department of Family Medicine, where she was awarded the Department’s Faculty Teaching Award in 2013, and a clinical instructor at Boston University’s School of Public Health.
Dr. Ajayi received her undergraduate degree from Stanford University; an MPhil from the University of Cambridge; and her medical degree, with Distinction in Clinical Practice, from King’s College London School of Medicine.

---

October is breast cancer awareness month. What can you do to keep from needing to wear the pink ribbon? Dr. Patrick and Ross talk about changing your thinking from being treated at the bottom of the cliff or stopping before you fall off. You’ll have to watch to get it.

---

Short Sales in Newtown, CT - as of 10/22/10. Back in September 2008, we posted a blog titled "Short Sale - What is It?". We think this is useful information as we frequently explain what a short sale is to both buyers and sellers. Our intention is to update you every 2 months about the short sale activity in Newtown, CT.
The price range of the actively listed short sales in Newtown range from $159,000 to $875,000. As you can see, short sales in Newtown, CT have been selling, despite being difficult transactions.
If you would like a list of the short sales in Newtown, CT, just email us and we'll forward it to you ASAP.
If you would like to sell your home and feel it might be a short sale, please contact us. WE CAN HELP YOU. We are experienced with short sales and we are also SFR Certified. Anything you tell us will be held in the strictest confidence and will not be shared with anyone else.

---

Currently, Brown Bag consists of Dave Waterman (Vocals/Guitar), Mike Ellis (Keys/Vocals), Jack Pieroth (Bass), Dan Cantone (Guitar/Vocals), and Matt Rezetko (Drums).
Brown Bag has played shows at The Beverly Arts Center, Whippersnap Music Fest 2012, ShoeFest 2012, Martyr’s, Tonic Room, Ace Bar, Reggie’s, Harte’s and host their own annual festival, “Oink Fest” plus numerous more.
The Bag has shared the stage with acts such as The funky Meters, Keller Williams, Johnny Winter, Greensky Bluegrass, Railroad Earth, Particle, Digital Tape Machine, Zmick, Strange Arrangement, Henhouse Powlers, Leadfoot, Family Groove Company,Old Shoe, The Delta Saints, Leadfoot, Shapes & Colors, and many other excellent bands.

---

The Eastern Playoff race has been decided. The Carolina Hurricanes have drawn the first wildcard spot and will face the Metropolitan Division-leading Washington Capitals in the first round of the playoffs. The New York Islanders will be the second seed in the Metro and will have to square off against the Pittsburgh Penguins. In the Atlantic Division, the Columbus Blue Jackets end up with a tough match-up as they will face the Tampa Bay Lightning, while the Boston Bruins and Toronto Maple Leafs will meet once again, as everyone has known about for quite some time. The final results of the night will determine how the Western Conference Shakes out.
The Colorado Avalanche’s Mikko Rantanen was spotted on the ice Saturday in San Jose wearing a non-contact jersey, according to The Athletic’s Ryan S. Clark. The injured forward, who hasn’t seen action since March 21st with an undisclosed injury, traveled with the team but will sit out once again. While that doesn’t sound like great news, considering the playoffs are right around the corner it is better to have him skating than not. If Colorado has any chance of advancing out of the first round, they will need their young scorer. The 22-year-old will have played eight less games than last year, but has a career high 31 goals and 87 points in his sophomore season. Avalanche head coach Jared Bednar said later today that he is hopeful that Rantanen will be available for the playoffs, according to BSN’s Adrian Dater.
Speaking of injuries, the Pittsburgh Penguins got some good news as defenseman Brian Dumoulin skated on his own after missing the past three games with a lower-body injury, according to Jason Mackey of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Dumoulin, who normally skates alongside Kris Letang, would make a big impact on a lineup that is preparing for the playoffs and could use the player tied for fifth in the NHL with a +31 rating. “The fact that Dumo is on the ice is really encouraging from our standpoint,” Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said. He added that the injury isn’t considered major and Doumolin remains day-to-day.
The St. Louis Blues expect to get back defenseman Colton Parayko, who has sat out the past two games with an undisclosed injury. The 25-year-old defender is expected to play in the playoffs, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch’s Jim Thomas. Thomas added that Tyler Bozak was just held out for precautionary reasons Saturday after he was in a car accident getting to the game. The veteran center was rear-ended, but wasn’t seriously hurt. He too is expected back for the playoff opener.
As the Blackhawks pass through another disappointing season, the team must continue to focus on development. The team has a nice group of prospects coming up the pipeline, but there are many that are starting to worry about whether the Blackhawks are doing the right thing with defenseman Henri Jokiharju, their 2017 first-rounder.
The Blackhawks, not known for developing defensemen recently, loaned Jokiharju 

---

A special indicator instead of aquarium water permits direct measurement of the CO2 level in mg/L.
20-25 mg/L CO2 is ideal.
Replace the indicator only 3-4 weeks = lasts a total of 9-12 months. Indicates the pH value (6.4 - 7.8) in addition to the CO2 level.

---

Justice studies is an interdisciplinary area that blends topics from humanities departments (e.g., philosophy), social science departments (e.g., psychology, sociology, women’s studies), departments that include both humanities and social science faculty (e.g., history, political science), and professionally-oriented departments (education, family studies, social work). Some of the topics studied include courts, family violence, rights, substance abuse, juvenile justice, school law, children as witnesses, hate crimes, and community policing. The goal is to produce graduates who have a higher level of knowledge about law and justice in American society and in the world so that they will mature into more knowledgeable and effective citizens.
The program offers a dual major and a minor in Justice Studies and an interdisciplinary minor in forensics.

---

Considering last fall’s wet weather and the soggy fields this spring, farmers wonder about using inoculants on soybean seed in 2010. Should you use a rhizobium inoculant? Or, is there enough of the nitrogen-fixing bacteria, Bradyrhizobia japonicum, remaining in the soil?
True, rhizobial bacteria don’t survive wet conditions very well. But whether it will pay to use an inoculant depends largely on whether soybeans were grown in the field sometime during the last five years or if the field has been flooded for more than a week, says Aaron Saeugling, Iowa State University Extension field agronomist in southwest Iowa.
The presence of rhizobia in the soil is necessary for a legume such as soybeans to be able to convert nitrogen from the atmosphere into a form usable by the plant, he says. This process, nitrogen fixation, is critical for producing high soybean yields. For nitrogen fixation to occur, the nitrogen-fixing bacteria need to be readily available in the soil or must be applied to the seed.
When soybean seed germinates, the rhizobia bacteria invade the root hairs of the seedling and begin to multiply. Nodules, the structures that house the bacteria, form on the roots. Under field conditions, nodule formation can be seen shortly after emergence, but active nodule fixation of N from the air doesn’t begin until about the V2 to V3 growth stage of beans. After that point, the number of nodules formed and amount of nitrogen fixed increase with time until about midway between the R5 and R6 growth stages; then N fixation decreases sharply.
Applying nitrogen fertilizer for soybeans isn’t recommended because it typically doesn’t increase bean yields in Iowa production systems. The total number of nodules that form decreases with increasing amounts of applied N.
Today, most fields in the Midwest have had soybeans grown on them in the crop rotation, likely increasing population density of Bradyrhizobia bacteria in the soil, notes Saeugling. Improved inoculant technology, coupled with higher commodity prices, ease of application and relatively low-cost inoculant products, have many growers reconsidering the use of inoculants.
Since 2003, ISU agronomists have conducted trials each year to assess new inoculants on the market. Overall, the ISU studies haven’t shown a consistent yield response to use of soybean inoculants in fields in Iowa with a history of having soybeans grown on them.
Current recommendations for Iowa are to inoculate the seed if a field has never been planted to soybeans, or if beans haven’t been grown in the field for the past three to five years. Other situations where it’s recommended to inoculate are if soil pH is below 6.0, or if a field has sandy soil, or if a field has been flooded for more than a week, creating anaerobic conditions.
Rising cost of production and volatile commodity prices are driving the need for soybean growers to improve profits. But the use of inoculants to increase yield may not be the answer, especially if beans

---

BELIEVE IT OR NOT... WE WORK FOR THE CITY -- ERASING GRAFFITIS.
We are a company created by Professional Tour Guide/ Sommelier/Graff Artist/ Local Tattooed Street Thug* Al Ramirez, founder of Al Ramirez Wine Tours / Valparaiso Wine Tours, who arrived back to Valpo from NYC in '06.
VSA tours was co-founded by Jekse and Cines, a couple of local graffiti artists who are doing some great things lately, helping Valparaiso become one of South America's most painted town... the guys can't stop painting! they go by "La UKD Crew"; they been painting graffiti and tagging South America since they can remember. Why? ask them when you meet them!
Our guides are "Perf" Amboy Chris, Seba, Diego "Pes", all experts in local graffiti and street art. They're in charge of making sure you have a great experience.
Al Ramirez AKA "MR. Al RAMIREZ" at Work!
He also paints (not great, but don't tell him that).
He likes to walk around like he's the boss because he "created the Idea", "The first ever Street Art Tour Guide in Chile", and "everyone copies him"... but no one here is trying to hear it.
If he gives you a tour, act like you liked it (nod and chuckle, while looking away)... then come back and take a real tour with the other guides.
A comedian once said "this world we live in is unbelieveable! I went in to rob a liquor store and when I came out someone had stolen my car!"
That car thief could very well be Jake1 (see the pic/evidence above).
He's the type of person who would boil a Frappucino/Iced Coffee just to rebel against the system.
We've seen him go into a vegan restaurant, and ask for a lamb chop. Come on, Joaquin. This needs to stop.
This is El Seba or Sebastian. Just look at the picture and the bio will speak for itself.
He is the one who gets yelled at the most at the office, and asks waaaay too many questions. We dislike him. Very much.
He's the type of person who will be telling a story, such as, "So, I told the stupid police officer not to dare talk to me like that", and the police officer will be standing behind him without him knowing it. Then he'll spend the night in jail, and come out the next morning only to pee in the street and get thrown back in within minutes.
Eddie is a comic book nerd, and a lover of Japanese culture. He is also a graff writer who goes under the name Rone, which comes from "Ronin" -- we looked up the word and it means Wanderer... and that's exactly where his mind is, wandering away from this planet. Don't be surprised if he starts talking about R2 D2 on the tour. Nerd.
"UnKolorDistinto" as they are known around the globe, are a couple that paint together (all day, every day).
- No, they are not siamese twins.
- If you sit and listen to one of their mixtapes, you'll most likely fall asleep.
- They work as workshop tour instructors here and there.
El Pollo is our Hype Man. He's in charge of putting our flyers in your hotel or hostel or B&B, etc.
El Pollo is a specialist.
At the tender age of 36 (He looks young because he eats to

---

The Hawaii man who was fired after issuing the false ballistic missile alert in mid-January told reporters Friday that he was very upset over the incident but remained adamant that it appeared, at the time, to be a real-life attack.
The former state employee – a man in his 50s who asked to remain anonymous for his safety – said that he was “100 percent sure” that the drill on Jan. 13 was real, even though several other employees heard the word “exercise” repeated throughout the message, according to officials.
Once the man realized what had happened, he said he felt like he’d sustained a “body blow.” Since then, he’s reportedly been distressed to the point that he has had trouble eating and sleeping.
During a news conference on Tuesday, investigating officer Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira shared details of the state’s probe and said when the mistake was realized, the employee “froze” and “seemed confused.” Another employee had to resume his duties and send a correction message, Oliveira said.
The employee also reportedly had at least two previous incidents in which he mistook drills for real-world events, including for tsunami and fire warnings. But Oliveira said the employee was previously counseled and allowed to resume his duties.
Following the event, the employee was fired and Vern Miyagi, who oversaw the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, took responsibility and resigned.
Toby Clairmont, the agency’s executive officer, also resigned before disciplinary action could be taken, and authorities are in the process of suspending another worker without pay.
By 8:20 a.m., Hawaii EMA tweeted there was “NO missile threat” to the state, but failed to send a phone alert for another 38 minutes, causing mass panic among people who weren’t able to check social media.

---

Shania Twain expected to break the charts with new album NOW!
Even after a 15-year hiatus, she’s still the one! Shania Twain is on pace to top the charts with her new album NOW. The 16-song LP was released on Sept. 29 and is set to shoot past Demi Lovato and Miley Cyrus to claim the number one spot on Billboard’s Top 200. The Timmins native hopped on Twitter on Wednesday to announce that her album is already platinum in Canada!
Shortly after the release of the lead single “Life’s About to Get Good,” it hit number one on the Billboard 200. Of course, fans were simply dying to see how their favourite country icon was doing, so the new single rocked its way to the top of Billboard + Twitter Trending 140, too! So far, the song’s video has over four million views on YouTube and the number continues to ride the wave of Now’s release.
The 52-year-old country star, still clad in her iconic leopard print, insists that Now is not a break up album but another coming-of-age collection of tunes bound to make listeners laugh, cry and rock out.
This is one country powerhouse that just doesn’t quit. Despite originally declaring her 2015 Rock This Country tour as her final encore, Shania is ready to hit the road again. “I look forward to everyone getting familiar with the album – and then getting out there and performing live!” she exclaimed to Hello!.
The Shania Now tour kicks off on May 3 in Tacoma, Washington, and will see the singer make stops in Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Saskatoon, Hamilton, Ottawa, London and Quebec City. Tickets to see the Canadian musician are on sale now.

---

George Wales visits The Good Earth Chinese Restaurant in Wandsworth Common.
Situated next to the picturesque expanse of Wandsworth Common, Bellevue Road is already well known to those of a foodie inclination, having been home to Michelin-starred French restaurant Chez Bruce for the best part of 20 years.
However, it would seem that Bruce Poole’s celebrated brasserie is not the only gastro-string to the area’s bow, with newcomer The Good Earth serving up excellent Chinese food just two minutes up the road.
A family-run establishment, it is the latest opening in a group of London-based eateries under the Good Earth banner, with another restaurant in Knightsbridge and a number of take-away outlets dotted around South West London. However, this is a significant cut above your average chain restaurant.
Having been seated in a sleek, modern dining room, all polished wood and crisp white tablecloths, we opted for two set dinners, assured by the helpful Maître D’ that the fixed price menu was made up of the restaurant’s finest dishes.
A selection of starters was dominated by a pair of eye-catching Dragon’s Whisker Prawns, succulent king prawns encased in a cocoon of fine shredded pastry. Another highlight was a portion of Honey-Glazed Ribs, a sticky treat, the meat falling pleasingly away from the bone.
Next up was that traditional takeaway staple, Aromatic Duck, served with the obligatory pancakes, hoisin sauce and spring onions. Done well, it’s a thing of beauty, and happily, The Good Earth does it very well indeed, the duck beautifully tender, its skin crisp and tacky. Delicious.
Finally, the mains. Chicken with Cashew nuts was another traditional dish done well, but Fillet of Beef in Claypot was the star performer, arriving still sizzling at the table, the flavour of the meat more than living up to the spectacle.
At just under £40 per person, without wine, this Chinese banquet comes in a shade more expensive than your typical neighbourhood restaurant, but given the quality (and quantity) of the food on offer, it’s well worth the extra outlay.
If you are looking for another reason to check out the area, visit The Ship pub in Wandsworth, which is ideal for summer drinks on the large terrace.

---

Far Left Van Jones Admits that Trump Can Win and Gives Major Warning to Democrats - Video - Stumpin' For Trump!
CNN contributor and former Obama aide Van Jones put out a warning to his fellow Democrats on Friday: Donald Trump is probably going to win the White House.
In the Facebook video, Jones credited Trump’s ability to understand and use social media and reality television as well as his appeal to black voters as reasons he will likely win the White House in November.
Jones likened Trump to Franklin Roosevelt, John Kennedy, Ronald Reagan, and Barack Obama in the sense that they all excelled in a new medium that no other politician could easily master.
“Just like FDR changed the rules of the game because he mastered radio, he was able to take radio and just completely master that — then you had JFK and JFK was able to master television — new medium, new master, new president,” Jones said.
He continued to detail how Trump has been able to use his celebrity to appeal to parts of the Democratic base, especially black voters.
“If only 70 percent don’t like Donald Trump, that means 30 percent are open to his argument, if he gets half of those, he’s president,” Jones said.
A Public Policy Polling report released on Monday showed Jones might be correct in his opinion that Trump is winning over large segments of the Democratic Party’s most loyal voting bloc. The poll showed that in the swing state of Ohio, Trump would garner 15 percent of the African American vote against Clinton, with another 11 percent undecided.
That is huge increase from the 4 percent of the black vote Mitt Romney received in Ohio during the last presidential election.
Well, well, well, even the ex-Obama-Czar-self-proclaimed communist understands and sees how Trump can win and be our next President! Wow! I’m a bit impressed, but I wouldn’t trust Van Jones with a lollipop either! Trump is pulling in some of the more modest democrats over to vote for him, and with the help of these two infamous Internet sensations, Diamond and Silk, created a place for them to do just that, called “Ditch and Switch”, for anyone who either voted democrat all these horrible years and now sees the “light” in voting Trump, or whom never voted before and wants to sign up as soon as possible to exercise their constitutional right to vote, they can go to Diamond and Silk’s website, and sign up. They can help direct you to the right place. Thanks, Van Jones, for your analysis of a Trump win, and he can do this, if every ethnic group would just open their eyes to see what the last 7 years have really done to them; not for the “freebies” they get, for as long as they are listed poor, they can get the freebies, but is that what you really want? Just the freebies that this administration “gives” you? And where do you think that money comes from? Thin air? The upper clouds? Take heed, people, realize, that in history, in other parts of the world, where “freebies” were a given because the people were poor and des

---

It’s the Capital’s first 24-hour Television Channel and it is on air!
London Live says during its broadcasts it will be offering fresh and new content devoted exclusively to an estimated 9 million diverse viewers.
However, its the 18 – 34 age group it is targeting. It hopes they will pick up their remote controls, press 8 on Freeview, 117 on Sky or 159 on Virgin to view their new channel.
The new 24 hour TV channel promises it will be smart, fun and “inside London” making a big difference to Londoners lives. It is backed by the Russian owner of the Evening Standard and The Independent, Evgeny Lebedev. He believes it will succeed even though previous attempts failed.
London Live won a licence last year. The Department for Culture, Media and Sport awarded 19 new local TV channels at the same time.
Some critics have no doubt that London Live will fit in with the TV landscape but there’s lots of competition out there for people’s attention. But there are some who believe that local TV broadcast through the television screen is not going to have a long life.
But I’m afraid that in the end it’s going to be about advertising and sponsor revenue and not the current BBC model – if they DO NOT get to the correct target market for the London area then when their ‘free funding’ dries up they will then be out in the real World????
Well, unless the Russian puts his own money in there of course, otherwise it could be history repeating itself???
Already you can see the presenters have lost some of their ‘happy ‘ style. Many of them are looking tired and overworked.
But what is unfortunate about its output is that it cuts off everyone over 34 years of age.

---

Is downloading from torrent sites illegal in the USA? What happens if in case we downloaded one?
These meta-data files are not stored on the torrent trackers server, but are distributed among a number of. The client connects to those peers to obtain the various pieces. So, now is the time to find the best Usabit alternatives. The odds are in your favor. Enjoy this database while it is still around, folks! So, scroll down to find the table containing best sites like Usabit. Runs on all operating systems.
Additionally, µTorrent supports the Protocol Encryption joint specification compatible with Azureus 2. It is completely written in Objective-C and Cocoa. Soundpark No matter what genre you are into Soundpark has definitely got you covered. It is based on the libtorrent library written by Arvid Norberg. You can achieve this anonymity by hiding behind the security cloak of the. The Pirate Bay Pirate Bay is the best torrent sites for lossless music that has a remarkable reputation among music lovers and torrent users. This site is gaining a bigger readership every day.
Skinnable and Localized Various icon, toolbar graphic and status icon replacements are available, and creating your own is very simple. The music offered by Waffles. It also tracks which fragment s of that file each client possesses, to assist in efficient data sharing between clients. This is because the pop music genre has millions of followers worldwide. Mininova is the successor to Suprnova, one of the original big torrent databases of the Web. You can also use for anonymity and security.
Besides the cool interface, you can expect to find all the latest songs by famous artists neatly organized in categories depending on their genres. A peer is any computer running an instance of a client. The site was banned from its main domain over a year ago but still due to its high-quality torrents, users never left using Usabit torrent site. Read the details on their home page. You can share your feedback in the comments section below. Toorgle When it comes to exploring high-quality classical music torrents, you should use Toorgle. The site has a very minimalistic design with large album covers making the overall browsing experience extremely satisfying.
Such a group of peers connected to each other to share a torrent is called a swarm. This website is all about quality, high-resolution torrents, and places less emphasis on quantities of torrents available. Monova Monova caters the needs of pop music lovers by offering relevant torrents on its websites. Net is rather amongst the more visually pleasing music torrenting site. Torrent Swapper supports simultaneous downloads, download queue, selected downloads in torrent package, fast-resume, disk cache, speed limits, port mapping, proxy, ip-filter, etc.
Resource-Friendly µTorrent was written with efficiency in mind. A Bit Torrent tracker centrally coordinates the P2P transfer of files among users. Special thanks to Chris R. I have manually creat

---

When you confirm your enrollment at the school of choice, your decision seems final. However, that’s not always the case. There are plenty of college students who transfer from two-year colleges to four-year universities and from four-year universities to different schools. If you’re thinking of making a switch in universities, you’re not alone. In fact, the schools listed below have some of the highest acceptance rates for transfer students!

---

The plant-based revolution is gathering pace at Tesco, which has now announced plans to double its Wicked Kitchen range.
The supermarket giant said its sales of chilled vegan foods have risen 25 per cent this year as the UK's meat-free market hit £310 million.
Some 26 new SKUs have been added to the Wicked Kitchen plant-based range, including All The Rage Rolls (kale, mushroom and garlic in flaky puff pastry), Packed Puff Pie (roasted cauliflower and oyster mushrooms in brandy gravy), Pesto Lasagne, Charred Pineapple Dream Cake and Spicy Mushroom and Veg Sourdough Pizza.
The label was created by Tesco chef and head of plant-based innovation Derek Sarno, whose task is to convert meat eaters to vegan food. The first batch of the new lines were launched on Monday 15 October, with more being added in November and December in time for Christmas.
Tesco product development director Kate Ewart said: "We know from our own data that flexitarianism is on the rise and many more customers are dabbling in cutting out meat for a day or so during their weekly diet.
Sarno added: “This is a dream come true for us. When we launched Wicked Kitchen back in January, the response was just phenomenal. At the start of the year, I said that veganism was going mainstream, and – as plant-based options are taking over the supermarket shelves – that belief is fast becoming a reality."

---

As the co-founder of Lonely Planet, Tony Wheeler has inspired generations of intrepid travellers to explore the four corners of the planet. But in an age where travel is more accessible than ever, what does it really mean to have been ‘everywhere’? Join Tony as he reflects on the most accomplished adventurers he knows, the unticked destinations on his wish list, and the challenges and rewards of visiting some of the world’s more remote and difficult destinations.

---

LOS ANGELES -- USC pitcher Ian Kennedy (Huntington Beach, Calif/La Quinta HS) was named today to the 2004 Baseball America Freshman All-America Team. Kennedy becomes the third straight Trojan in as many years to earn first team honors (Jeff Clement in 2003 and Joey Metropoulos in 2002).
This season as the first freshman No. 1 starter at USC since Randy Flores in 1994, Kennedy went 7-2 with a 2.91 ERA. In 92 2/3 innings, Kennedy allowed 86 hits while walking 31 and striking out 120 batters.

---

We are changing our name on the 31st May 2016: Vysionics ITS Ltd will now be JENOPTIK Traffic Solutions UK Ltd.
Vysionics ITS Ltd has long been a supplier of ANPR based advanced ITS solutions, with thousands of camera systems installed across the UK and beyond. In November 2014, Vysionics was acquired by Jenoptik Traffic Solutions, becoming a part of the Jenoptik Group, with the associated benefits from the professional structures of an international, listed corporate group.
Following a successful integration period, we at Vysionics are now changing our company name as well. As a result, Vysionics ITS Ltd is changing its name and offering its services under the Jenoptik brand.
Our registered office address, all UK regional offices and your current contacts here will not change, and telephone numbers will also stay valid. The new e-mail addresses will then be composed as follows: firstname.lastname@jenoptik.com.
We will retain our company and VAT numbers, so the change in our company name will have no effect on either the business or on its legal identification. All contracts with the company shall also remain in effect.
Our comprehensive portfolio of ANPR related services will continue, with the added advantage of being a part of an international and financially strong listed company.
If this notice has not answered all of your questions, please don't hesitate to get in touch with your previous contact at JENOPTIK Traffic Solutions UK.
We look forward to continued close and trusting cooperation with you.

---

A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Daily Star on July 12, 2018, on page 16.
Assembled by Palestinian artist Said Baalbaki, the exhibition presents 50 of Abbo's sketches, etchings and object, as well as texts – all taken from Baalbaki's personal collection of work from, and publications on, the elusive sculptor. Baalbaki has no work of his own in this show.
Born in Safad, northern Palestine, around 1888-1890, Abbo was a farmer and fisherman who later took up carpentry and stone masonry. It was not until he moved to Berlin in 1911 to study sculpture that his artistic career took shape.
Baalbaki has spent the last four years finding, and determining attribution for, 70 artworks and 100 texts mentioning the artist.
Baalbaki says many of Abbo's sculptures didn't survive World War I. He believes those that were originally exhibited in museums in Germany were taken during the war and melted down to make weapons.
Alongside Abbo's artworks are vintage photos of places he'd been or postcards from that time period, which Baalbaki says is to give an overall look at the life he led, in today's age of media and imagery.
Baalbaki intends to continue his research and tracking down Abbo's works.

---

By Cecile Green and Rebecca Fisher-McGinty, republished and edited from Round Sky Solutions blog.
Enlivening Edge Magazine has republished Part 2 of this article here.
So many of us have experienced bad meetings ranging from mildly frustrating to intolerable! In fact, bad meetings are so common, it’s easy to assume they are an inevitable part of the status quo. If you have a small business, a nonprofit, board meetings, organizing meetings, a worker cooperative, or are interested in democratic or teal workplaces, you likely have to participate in meetings that drive you nuts for a variety of reasons. If so, you are in the right place, we wrote this post for you! In Part 1, we’re going to focus on some of the things that come up during these meetings and then part 2, we’ll share some solutions.
People getting offended and defensive.
People being accusatory and snide.
People disengaging during the meetings and at all times.
Updates that go on forever and are not helpful.
A few people that have too much responsibility.
Only a few people doing all the talking.
Well intentioned people delivering inconsistent accountability.
Agenda items that only reflect the needs of a few.
Agenda items that take way too long and don’t lead to meaningful outcomes that move things forward.
Meetings with no clear ending that drag on for hours.
Since bad meeting culture is so endemic it’s easy to think that it’s normal or unavoidable and I’m here to tell you that while it may be normal, meaning that it happens all the time in all kinds of organizations, it’s not healthy and it is entirely avoidable!
Saps organizational energy and focus. There’s nothing like an argument in the middle of a meeting for making everything worse.
Wastes time. Meetings are the most efficient way to sync up and align. When they are wasted with no clear decisions or next actions, people still have to obtain that information or risk doing bad or useless work. The work of obtaining that information outside of meetings represents a waste of time.
Sense of being stuck increases. It leaves people feeling powerless and frustrated leading to disengagement.
Underscores the sense of being overworked and underappreciated. When we don’t have good mechanisms for redistributing work because we can’t really see what other people are doing or not doing, it’s easy for people to feel unseen and unappreciated for their work.
Makes it harder to address important issues and get good work done. When meetings are wasted on conversations that go on way past any point of usefulness for the organization, the time we have to discuss and decide on important issues dwindles.
Getting to facilitating effective, collaborative meetings can be challenging but is well worth the effort. Imagine what it might be like for you to have a organization full of inspiring leaders, with tools that enable you to hack your meetings into flows and effective outcomes? Well, for one thing, improving your meetings will save you time and energy an

---

The Almond Tree books’ foreign and movie rights continues to grow with the addition of Chinese Complex Characters’ Rights (Taiwan) sold to Faces/Cite Publishing.
View all all foreign and movie rights and the various different cover versions of the book on the Foreign and Movie Rights Page.
great item of writing, I’m sharing with my buddies.

---

Myprotein athlet werden - Accesskey 3.
Watchever probemonat / Sitemap - Biotherm bodylotion lait corporel.
Hilfe / Benutzungshinweise - Schlaraffia gelpro premium 26 test.
Name it softshell overall - Verkaufsoffener sonntag reutlingen.
Film versicherung - Tageslinsen online.
zur Startseite - Sushi dreams eimsbüttel.
40,000 neon balls, a glowing dance floor, a pop-up bar and stars from the 90s bring the iconic decade back to life for three months. . You have to walk through the whole museum before you can see the Star Wars-themed special exhibition, which is located near the exit computeruniverse friedrichsdorf area. My friend Birgit, was able to seat at the Jedi Council and talk to Luke Skywalker about handling a Lightsaber properly. Unfortunately I didnt get a private audience with Darth Vader or Han Solo because the place was packed.
Together with a description of their life achievements. Children under the age of 3 can enter for madame tussauds star wars berlin free. A few weeks ago, looked convincingly realistic, famous icons like Albert Einstein and Marlene Dietrich.
In enger Zusammenarbeit mit Disney und Lucasfilm entstand star wars at Madame Tussauds Berlin, eine einzigartige Ausstellung aus lebensechten Wachsfiguren, 12 Helden und Bösewichten der star wars Saga.An sich war der Besuch keine Zeitverschwendung, aber leider auf den Punkt gebracht eine Abzocke, daher würde ich rückblickend das Madame Tussauds in Berlin nicht priorisieren, da es in Berlin viel zu viele interessantere und schönere Orte gibt wie zum Beispiel.Over 120 fascinating and life-like wax figures are brought to life and youll be double taking at just how realistic they look New at Madame Tussauds Berlin : star wars at Madame Tussauds: Experience a unique.
The first Madame Tussauds was founded in London by Marie Tussaud. U55 Brandenburger Tor Bus 200 00 Uhr die Wachsfiguren nationaler und internationaler Prominenten und Legenden. S2, an artist and star sculptor originally from Germany To complete a wax work figure can take up to four months from the initial sitting to the moulding. Celebrities like Nicole Kidman and Angelina Jolie. Follow the signs Brandenburger Tor Brandenburg Gate or Reichstag 00, tape art and graphic LED walls as well as a neon ball pit with over. I had fun watching the guests interact with the wax figurines of course I was in love to see George Cloony. Within Berlin, more, follow the signs Berlin Mitte Zentrum 00 bis 19, reconstructed as close as possible to their living counterpart. History and more, the wide range of famous figures on show will give any visitor an immersive and interactive experience of popular wars culture. Please note, data dołączenia, s25 Brandenburger Tor Underground, the little Room was nicely decorated and well featured 9 May closing early. Entdecke im Madame Tussauds Berlin täglich von.
It is understandable that people want to gather around the Stars, even if they are made of wax.I mean, where else can you possibly stand close

---

A blind man in his 60s is searching for the young man who pulled him back from an approaching train and saved his life last Thursday, Nov. 9.
Mike Wyatt stood at the stairs to the Peoria train station in Aurora, Colorado, on Monday, looking for the young man who saved his life days earlier.
Wyatt was heading back home after visiting friends in Longmont, and was about to cross the tracks to transfer to another train, unaware that a train was approaching. Seconds before the train pulled up, a man can be seen on security camera footage pulling him back with both arms.
“I am so stoked right now thinking that guy is going to come down that ramp [from the platform],” Wyatt told 9 News.
In the video by 9 News, he can be seen talking to passersby in hopes that they have some info about the man.
Although he hasn’t yet found him, 9 News did find a woman who saw the incident. She said she felt inspired by it.
“People are good,” said Miranda, one of the witnesses.
9News writes that Wyatt is thankful because the man has made it possible for Wyatt to be part of his grandchildren’s lives as they grow up.
Wyatt told 9 News he will come to the station one more day to look for the man.
“I will be always remembering this man and his kindness,” he said.

---

It took three overtimes, but No. 16-ranked St. Thomas held off a hot-shooting host Augsburg team Saturday in conference men's basketball play in Minneapolis. The Toms rode freshman guard Anders Nelson's heroics to win 112-105.
Nelson scored 35 of his career-best 37-points after halftime, and added seven rebounds, seven assists and four steals. He sank 10 of 10 at the line in the final two overtimes, and made all 12 tries on the game. He twice made shots to tie the game and extend it into the next overtime.
The Tommies (12-1 overall, 8-0 MIAC) ran their win streak to 12 and stayed in a share of the MIAC lead with St. John's. They also helped amend an 0-3 record last season against Augsburg. Senior Connor Bair finished with 28 points, 14 rebounds and four blocks.
Coach John Tauer's Tommies trailed by eight points in the first half, nine in the second half, and two in the first OT. They later trailed 88-83 with 49 seconds left in the second overtime before storming back to force a third OT. They even trailed 93-91 in the third OT before Connor Bair's three-point play put them ahead to stay at 94-93.
St. Thomas was outscored 54-27 in 3-point scoring. The biggest trey came with :02 left in regulation and the Toms ahead 63-60 when the Auggies' Matt Carik sank a tying shot from deep in the corner.
The Tommies' comeback was aided by sinking 29-of-33 free throws and committing just 11 turnovers in the 55-minute game.
They also survived another huge game by Auggie junior Booker Coplin, the MIAC's leading scorer at 25.6 ppg. Coplin had 34 points, 15 rebounds, eight assists and four blocks while playing all 55 minutes.
Nelson drove the length of the floor and hit a pull-up 14-footer at the end of the first OT to tie the game. He made four free throws in the final :05 of the second OT to help erase deficits of three and two points and force a third extra session. He sank two 3-pointers and scored 12 points in the third overtime.
St. Thomas plays at Bethel on Wednesday night.

---

Sperm whale. Sea Guap Photo.
Sperm whale and Olympic swimmer Mikako Kotani. Sea Guap Picture.
Sperm whale. Stock Photography of Sea Guap.
Sperm whale social group. Photograph of Sea Guap.
Sperm whale blowhole (left side of head). Sea Guap Photos.
Sperm whales. Sea Guap Image.
Sperm whales diving. Professional stock photos of Sea Guap.
Mature male (bull) sperm whale. Pictures of Sea Guap.
Sperm whale blows in front of Tokyo Broadcasting System film crew. Sea Guap Photo.
WHITE juvenile sperm whale in social group. Sea Guap Picture.
Sperm whales diving. Stock Photography of Sea Guap.
Sperm whale. Photograph of Sea Guap.

---

The French Word to Word® Bilingual Dictionary is authorized to use as bilingual word to word dictionaries/glossaries for English Learners as Common Core testing accommodations during the PARCC assessments. English learner students can use French Word to Word® Bilingual Dictionary for Texas STAAR and Virginia SOL as testing accommodations. English learner students can use French Word to Word® Bilingual Dictionary at the writing part of the SBAC (Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium) assessments.

---

The White Russian is among the most popular drinks in the country. This likely has to do with the fact that the ingredients are easy to obtain and it takes no special skills or tools to make. Beyond that, many find it the perfect libation for those who don’t like to drink much. While there is plenty of alcohol involved, the taste is smooth and almost makes you forget liquor is even involved.
The White Russian is among the most popular drinks in the country. This likely has to do with the fact that the ingredients are easy to obtain and it takes no special skills or tools to make. Beyond that, many find it the perfect libation for those who don't like to drink much. While there is plenty of alcohol involved, the taste is smooth and almost makes you forget liquor is even included.
Our recipe is fairly straightforward. The drink is simple to make and best served layered. Pour the cream over the back of a barspoon to keep it floating on the top. The drinker may choose to stir it all together if desired. While our recipe uses the ratio of 2:1:1, some prefer this drink with a 1:1:1 ratio instead.
1: Add vodka to an old-fashioned glass filled with ice.
2: Add coffee liqueur and stir.
3: Pour cream over the back of a bar spoon.
4: Top with a grating of fresh nutmeg, if desired.
The White Russian is among the most popular drinks in the country. Many find it the perfect libation for those who don't like to drink much. While there is plenty of alcohol involved, the taste is smooth and almost makes you forget liquor is even included. Cream is poured over to finish the drink and give it that milky, delicious taste.
Often referred to as the oldest American cocktail, the Sazerac dates back to the pre-Civil War era. It has seen its share of changes, including the substitution of anise-flavored spirits when absinthe was banned in the US in 1912. Because of that, you may see some variation in recipes, but the basics remain.
Give a favorite childhood candy an adult twist by getting gummy worms drunk, then whipping up a tipsy worm's perfect match: a tasty, classic margarita.
Spice up happy hour with these unusual but oh-so-tasty beer cocktails.
This candy-infused frozen treat puts a grown-up twist on a childhood favorite.

---

Poor girl mist be so confused , going into a new home then the puppies coming .
I hope she settles down and is able to relax .
Me too Missi...she has to be scared and has only been with Abby and Eric a few weeks...I feel so bad for her.
Poor girl. I hope that she calms down and is able to care for the pups and accept the help that she will need so much from her foster parents. Heck, I get testy after having just one baby! Can't imagine having 7 and nobody in the room that you really know & trust. I feel so sorry for her.
I swear I can't stand the cuteness!!!
Tee hee, Deb's getting a puppy and Joker is getting that brother he's been wanting.
I have no idea why you keep posting that...YOU DO NEED A PUPPY...Jaimie & Joker need a baby brudda!!!
See this is why you didn't adopt Smoke a while back .... Joker's twin was waiting to be made just for you!
Help me think of a really cool name, OK?

---

The company's main products include:stone crushing plant project report india,mining machinery, supporting equipment, safety drills and other three major categories of dozens of varieties. All of our products can be used for a variety of applications such as rock excavation, trenching, demolition and concrete and underwater cutting, tunneling and scaling. Provide full equipment and services for the comprehensive mechanized mining: boring machines, shearers, scraper conveyors. Customized product designs for roadheaders, supports, shearers, and scraper conveyors for different geological conditions.
Comprehensive Industry Document Stone Crushers - CPCB ENVIS. India, the Stone Crushing Industry sector is estimated to have an annual turnover of Rs. 5000 crore (equivalent crushing plant, transportation of mined stones and crushed products etc.

---

Trying to find a way to say "thank you" to someone special?
Need a gift for someone who has everything?
Want to celebrate a speical occassion but unsure what type of gift is best?
Your gift to the Foundation is a great way to honor someone by giving to the fund of your choice in that person's name.

---

Everyone has their own secret destinations to enjoy their emotional feelings whether it may be adults or children or even old peoples. Taking rest with a peaceful mind is a blessing.
Some will get that and some will not,because of the mystery of life. each and everyone wants a bed space in their life. All creatures in the universe rest. Family is one of the happiest and most wonderful place for work and rest.
Family will have a shelter and most happiest moments in life. Bedrooms are the most secure and safe place according to the family atmosphere. let it be children or adults.
Every one will have an idea of how should be their happy sleepy comfort zone with Doc mcstuffins bedroom set! Adults and grown ups create a romantic mood while old ones create a holy dwelling place but apart from these two children create or they want a happy sleepy zone.
It provides calm and peaceful atmosphere and healthy surroundings to children and their by to their parents.In order to raise children happily and thereby their happy parents Doc McStuffins Bedroom sets and other bed room sets will help the children to be happy, creative and energetic.
Kids can also literally immerse themselves and they will grow intelligently.
The adorable collections of Doc mcstuffins bedroom sets generates fun and learning among children and create an jolly atmosphere in the family. Let the kids enjoy with the charm and lovely affection of McStuffins bed. Happy Twinkle Sleep!
Bedroom tv stand dresser – enjoy the added advantage!
Icarly bedroom – 12 ways to make your children happy!

---

Here in Australia, Boxing Day is our "Black Friday." It's the day after Christmas Day and stores have massive sales to help get rid of any post Christmas stock. While it's been a huge event for our department stores for many years, online shopping has made grabbing a bargain much easier (with the added benefit of not having to battle people for the last gift box!).
Adelaide has no Mecca Maxima stores, so I had to order the Urban Decay Gwen Stefani Eyeshadow Palette from Mecca online. While this has been available for a while in the US, it was only released on Boxing Day here.
I'm IN LOVE with this palette. I feel like it was made for me. I know a lot of people have said there's not much in the way of colour selection, but for someone pale it's the perfect palette.
It retails for $95 here in Australia so it's pricier than the other palettes that UD sell, but you really see the amount of thought that went into both the palette and the packaging and shade names.
The packaging is gorgeous although it's quite heavy. I can't wait for the rest of the UD x Gwen collection to be released.
Lipstick Republic is an Australian online store that sells brands like Sigma, OCC, Lime Crime, Jeffrey Star, Morphe and more. They had 25% off so I put in an order for some products that were on my wishlist.
I have previously ordered a Benjabelle Brush Tree from them and I wanted to buy another one. I already have the Mini Brush Tree, which holds 24 eye brushes but I wanted to get a large brush tree that also holds large brushes. I decided on the Sunflower Brush Tree as it holds both small and large brushes.
I also ordered the spinner bottom as I don't have it on my other brush tree and I wanted to see if it was more helpful while washing my brushes.
I've never been one for Sigma brushes (youTubers pushing their code down my throat makes me side eye the company) but I received a mini E25 Blending Brush in a Bellabox previously and I really loved it, so I ordered a fullsize one from their copper line. I also ordered the Sigma E45 Small Tapered Blending Brush as you can never have enough blending brushes. I thought that this would be great for me as I have small eyes and some blending brushes are bigger than my eyes!!
And finally I ordered the Barely Cosmetics Definer Soft Sponge to apply my foundation. I like the shape of this. I haven't tried this yet. I can't wait to see how it compares to my beauty blender and RT sponge.
I love Soda & Co's Instagram page of their natural body products and lipbalms. Their packaging is super cute and I love their pictures. When I saw that they had 30% off, I decided to finally make an order.
Because I haven't tried their products before, I decided to buy a pack that includes a body wash, body lotion and a sugar scrub that's in an adorable cosmetics bag.
I struggled with which scent to choose from (pink lemonade, mint burst or orange splash) but finally decided on pink lemonade as I was worried that the others would smell like bathing in 

---

Chronic Kidney Illness (CKD) is recognized by a decrease in Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR) because of a lower in functioning of nephrons throughout the kidney and/or proteinuria additional to break down of the glomerular filtration buffer and incomplete tubular reabsorption. World-vast the prevalence of both CKD and finish degree kidney disease.
Medical tourism is a growingly fashionable practice that includes worldwide travel among people who are in search of medical care. A rising number of North People go to Mexico or Costa Rica identical to a variety of Europeans travel to South East Asia for a variety of remedies comparable to Botox, plastic surgery, intensive dental care, knew replacements and even transplants. Through the years, international locations such as Brazil, Mexico, Costa Rica, Thailand and India have come to change into fashionable tourist destinations.
Within the case of OAB, the muscle tissues of the bladder contract involuntarily although the bladder is probably not full. This causes a sudden urge to urinate in the particular person. Nevertheless, sometimes this urge is totally sensory and the bladder muscle mass should not really contracting. Still, the urge causes the particular person to must rush to the restroom, often resulting in accidents.
The absence of a big difference in the fee of active ingredient pharmaceutical equivalents or pharmaceutical alternative at website of motion is relevant, is outlined as bioequivalence. Different knowledge could need to be submitted to fulfill regulatory requirements for bioequivalence, in addition to knowledge from bioequivalence research.
One of the largest challenges any singer faces is studying the right way to breathe accurately. As if that’s not hard enough additionally they need to know how to control their respiratory so it is used to optimum effect when start our breathing is naturally appropriate. For example, a baby can scream, yell and breathe using their lungs with optimum impact as a result of they’re doing this with out a conscious thought. However, as we start to get older some individuals turn out to be lazy of their habits and solely use the higher part of their lungs – they take a shallow breath instead of a standard perceive how right breathing and breath control works, first you’ll want to understand the process that it makes use of to operate.

---

best year ever | The Jamestown Comet.
Resolving for a better new year.
Well, the holidays are upon us once more and 2016 is nearing an end. It’s safe to say that the past year has certainly been filled with remarkable change. What did 2016 mean to you? Was it an end or a beginning? Did you experience triumph or tragedy?
If you’re like most, it was a mixture of both. Sometimes it’s hard to discern the difference. What some see as catastrophe, others view as a success. It really depends on your perspective. Of course, the New Year is always a good time to make a change for the better in your own life.
But be aware that most statistics show that only around 46 percent of resolutions continue past six months. At the same time, people who set a goal based on a resolution are 10 percent more likely to succeed than those who do not.
However you do it, in order to change your life for the better you have to get up and take the first step. And, sometimes attitude is everything where life changes are concerned.
You have to stay positive, dismiss the naysayers and keep motivated and moving forward. So, whether you start because of a resolution or just because you think now is a good time, your potential success or failure rests largely with your motivation.
Additionally, remember that you can’t force someone else to change either. If they want a different life, they have to take the steps toward that end.
For example, suppose Lisa is dating Mike and she’s having a tough time because he is addicted to role-playing games. Lisa wants to eventually marry Mike, but she cannot handle the gaming.
Lisa believes, however, that she can change him, help him to see the error of his ways. She believes that she can set a resolution to reform him with love – or a rolling pin (just kidding, she doesn’t bake – she actually uses a frying pan).
Mike is never going to change because someone else wants him to do so. If he wants to quit playing he will have to do it for his own reasons. I am certainly no psychologist, but I do know that for any New Year’s resolution to be successful, the desire to change has to come from within.
I may be wrong, but I think the motivation for change at the start of a new year comes from a deep desire in all of us for a fresh start. Most people want to strive for something better, no matter what our situation. Of course, there are still people out there who simply don’t care and are either complacent or resigned.
For some, the new year offers an opportunity to get “it” right – whatever your particular “it” happens to be at the time. In any case, it’s up to you to make those choices and follow through. If you don’t, you have no one to blame but yourself.
You can get things moving by creating a list of the things you want to accomplish in the coming year. For the record, I’d leave out a lottery jackpot and focus on more realistic expectations, like finishing your education or pursuing a career change.
Then figure out what it takes to reach those mil

---

Speed restriction of 10mph within the site.
Parking is restricted to the gravel car park areas only.
NO entrance whatsoever to restricted areas of the farm for safety reasons.
Strictly NO SMOKING in the wigwams or any other indoor facilities.
Chinese lanterns are dangerous to site and countryside and are not allowed to be used.
The management reserves the right to enter accommodation at any time for service or repairs.
Your holiday is non refundable under any circumstance once your booking has been confirmed.
Guests are requested to arrive no earlier than 2.30pm and must vacate accommodation by 10.30am.
Please respect other visitors keeping noise to a minimum especially after 10.00pm.
Day visitors are welcomed at no extra charge but must observe any site rules and are not allowed to stay overnight.
No furniture or furnishings whatsoever to be taken out of wigwams at any time.
Only bbq and fire pit supplied to be used wood can be purchased when needed.
Any breakages must be reported immediately and paid for to the satisfaction of the management.
Leave utilities as you would like to find.
Any belongings left behind in accommodation must be claimed within two weeks of departure.
All accommodation provided at Secret Valley is inspected on your departure, please do not spoil the pleasure of the next visitors by leaving the accommodation dirty.
Please ensure pets are kept on leads at all times and are not to foul apart from in designated area.
Please do not leave pets unattended and not let them annoy others.
The management reserves the right to refuse admission or eject from the park any dog which it considers inappropriate as a family pet or a danger to others.
The management reserves the right to terminate the booking of any persons whose conduct is detrimental to the campsite or other visitors.
All persons staying at Secret Valley or visiting use facilities provided entirely at their own risk, Secret Valley cannot accept any liability for loss, damage or accident to persons or property.
In the event of any serious breach of the above conditions, Secret Valley reserves the right to terminate a holiday and ask offenders to leave.
Remember that you will be staying on a working farm with live animals and potentially dangerous farm equipment amongst other hazards, therefore observe the no entry signs and DO NOT enter any areas of the farm that are not permitted.
In the event of damages that occur to the Owner’s property, buildings, and accommodation or to any fixtures or fittings the client will be responsible for reimbursement in full. The Owner will obtain a quotation for any remedial work, and by agreement with the client, accept the quotation that will most closely restore the item to its original condition.
The property has a pond and lakes, which represents a potential water hazard. You will be made familiar with this hazard when you view the venue and it will be your responsibility to highlight this hazard to your guests. All children are the res

---

Accidents are very common today. There are many accidents that happen every day. These accidents cause traffic congestion and can take hours to clear. When vehicles were first introduced not all could afford it. Further it was not considered as a worthy investment. Only a few people used it. Over time the demand and usefulness of vehicles began to show. This caused a huge demand which resulted in the world we live today. The moment we step out of our houses we see roads. Vehicles have become so important that we use more than half of the land for roads. This by itself shows the importance we place on vehicles and the affect it has on our daily lives. All of us use vehicles to travel and it is a crucial requirement. This requirement has been increasing while the number of vehicles has increased. The increase has resulted in congestion of the road. Congestion is not the only reason for accidents, there are many. Here are the main reasons for vehicular accidents to occur.
The main reasons for accidents are when the driver gets distracted. This results in the driver ignoring the road and what is in front. Usually the main distractions are phone calls, text messages, smartphone usage, looking somewhere else and meddling with the radio. These accidents are dangerous as well. The driver may hit a bystander.
Speeding is a large cause for accidents. When the driver speeds he may lose control. This can be very dangerous in a highway where many cars can pile up when there’s a single accidents. Speeding can cause an accident around a large area due to the force the vehicle impacts on. It can claim many live and may require powerful Nissan patrol wreckers to tow the vehicles away.
Drunk driving is very dangerous and is a criminal offense. When a driver is drunk he or she is impaired and cannot drive properly. Even though it is an illegal activity it is very common. This is mostly due to young people. Drunk drivers can also speed and cause accidents. Drunk driving can result in every other accident such as reckless driving, running the lights, running stop signs are some of them. Police vehicles and various towing vehicles such as the Nissan 4×4 wreckers Perth will be needed to clear the scene.
Reckless driving is another common cause of accidents. Reckless drivers are impatient drivers who may drive in an unlawful manner to get to their destination. These drivers not only endanger themselves but also everyone else on the road.
« Why And When Do You Need To Take Your Vehicle To The Workshop?

---

In 1997 Ronald Phillips published their first annual catalogue attracting buyers from outside London as well as overseas. Since the first publication the annual catalogue which includes some of the best and rarest pieces on the market, has proven to be a great success not only as a selling tool but also as a reference book finding a welcome home in many furniture collectors library. Hard bound, extensively researched and beautifully illustrated; representing a colourful cross-section of what is available at Ronald Phillips.

---

Trump’s executive order on religious freedom allows HHS Secretary Tom Price to cut access to affordable contraceptive services from their health insurance plans.
The subject line of the press release from HHS Secretary Tom Price in response to President Trump’s signing of the Religious Liberty executive order said it all, “Secretary Price Welcomes Opportunity to Reexamine Contraception Mandate”. The executive order frees Price to take aim at covered women’s health services that providers, insurers, and employers may find objectionable under their religious beliefs. Price has an antiquated and paternalistic perspective that men should be in charge of the type of health care services a woman have access to.
Conscience Protections with Respect to Preventive-Care Mandate. The Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Labor, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consider issuing amended regulations, consistent with applicable law, to address conscience-based objections to the preventive-care mandate promulgated under section 300gg-13(a)(4) of title 42, United States Code.
Religious liberty is our country’s first freedom. Americans of faith play a vital role in caring for our most vulnerable citizens, including the elderly and the poor.
We welcome today’s executive order directing the Department of Health and Human Services to reexamine the previous administration’s interpretation of the Affordable Care Act’s preventive services mandate, and commend President Trump for taking a strong stand for religious liberty.
We will be taking action in short order to follow the President’s instruction to safeguard the deeply held religious beliefs of Americans who provide health insurance to their employees.
Secretary Price will not be happy until he has been able to strip away all coverage for women’s health issues. The man seems to have stepped out of the 18th century when women had no control over their bodies. He certainly would have been in favor of eugenics and the 1927 Supreme Court decision in Buck v. Bell that upheld a state’s right to permit compulsory sterilization of women deemed unfit to bear children.
In addition to taking the ax to the contraception mandate, Price expressed glee over the House of Representative’s vote to repeal the ACA.
The status quo is failing the American people. Premiums are skyrocketing; choices are narrowing or vanishing; and patients do not have access to the care they need. Today, the House of Representatives has begun to deliver on President Trump’s promise to repeal a broken law and replace it with solutions that put patients in charge. This is a victory for the American people.
The American Health Care Act is focused on patients. It is the first step toward a patient-centered healthcare system that will provide Americans access to quality, affordable healthcare coverage, empowering individuals and families to choose the coverage that best meets their needs, not what Washington forces them to buy, and equi

---

White cotton t-shirt, ribbed crewneck, back central seam detail, front graphic print, oversized fit. The model is 185 cm and wears size M. Composition: 100% cotton. Made in Italy.

---

How to choose an interesting and creative wedding cake topper?
Nowadays, there is such a vast range of beautiful miniaturized figurines and replicas of romancing couples available in the market that you would be mesmerized. These collectibles also include wedding cake toppers for bride and groom. These cake toppers are so beautiful and cute that you would love to make it a part of your guestbook table, or keep it in your drawing room. You can also gift these to your loved ones.
These silent figurines, which showcase romancing couples, interlocking hearts, birds, wedding rings, girls in bridal dresses, dancing couples, and couples performing love on the hood of a car, are simply amazing. These cake toppers not only have a great aesthetic appeal, but also provide a perfect finish to the wedding cakes. They come in all sizes, colors and varieties, so as to fit on all types of wedding cakes.
If you want to buy cake toppers, make sure that these are of top quality. These porcelain wonders should have a lead free paint to begin with. They should be perfectly crafted to give it a real-life look. Furthermore, make sure attention to details is provided, as these are collectibles and people love to keep it. Some of the wedding accessory suppliers do not pay attention to details. Refer to the website of the store, and choose from a wide variety of cake toppers. A high priority return policy is also an indication that the supplier is committed towards customer service and quality.
For those, who think that most of the wedding toppers are similar, here are a few tips to anniversary cake toppers that are sure to excite you. Don't go for the traditional "arm in arm" or "bride and groom exchanging kisses" positions. Imagine a real-life situation, which would excite you. It might be related to your past events, a memorable journey, your ambition, your favorite outfit, or your favorite activity. You can also get the bride and groom dressed like Indians or Australian aborigines. Adding the element of fun to your cake topper would make it more interesting and original.
A professional cake designer can create an endless variety of wedding cake toppers. You can use different materials such as glass, crystal or porcelain to make them. Most of the people love to keep them as wedding day souvenirs in their drawing rooms.

---

A probation violation can occur in a number of different ways.
Violations can come from positive urinalysis.
They can come from being out after curfew.
Violations come whenever a special condition or a standard condition of probation are breached.
Special conditions are those conditions that are specifically laid out and are unique to that term of probation. Whereas, standard conditions are those conditions that are standard with every term of probation.
An example of a standard term of probation is not to commit a new criminal offense.
An example of a special term of probation is to complete a drug evaluation and treatment.
What is the legal standard to a probation violation?
In order to violate probation, a probationer must willfully and substantially violate the terms of their probation.
In other words, you can’t accidentally have a probation violation. Also, you can’t violate probation because of an inability to complete an item of probation (despite your best efforts). For example, it’s not a violation of probation to not pay restitution, EVEN WHERE IT IS ORDERED, so long as you don’t have the money to pay it. Consider a guy working full time to support a family and every penny he makes goes to the absolute bare essentials (food, shelter, rent). if that guy didn’t have any money left over to pay restitution costs, then a judge could not find there to be a willful and substantial violation. However, if the same guy had $300 left over every month and he spent it on lottery tickets, then he would have violated because he willfully gambled over paying his restitution.
The state must only prove a probation violation by a preponderance of the evidence.
Probation Violation. Talk to a Probation Lawyer Today.

---

We are always looking for applicants. We seek employees who are sincere in their desire to provide great food and service to all customers.
Prior experience is helpful, but not required.

---

After Kevin’s horrific leg injury, everyone is asking: will he ever play basketball again? Dr. Glashow, co-chief of sports medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center, tells HollywoodLife.com exclusively if Kevin will ever be back on the court. Read on for details!
After Louisville sophomore Kevin Ware broke his right leg during a game against Duke University, the basketball player was rushed to the hospital and underwent emergency surgery. After a successful surgery, Kevin is now focused on healing, but what does the future for his career hold?
Kevin Ware’s Basketball Career: Will He Ever Play Again?
Dr. Glashow, the co-chief of sports medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center, tells HollywoodLife.com exclusively that not only will Kevin play basketball again, but he could be healed in time for next season!
Although Kevin will be able to play basketball again, he has a long road to recovery ahead of him before he’ll be back on the court. After he’s recovered from surgery, Kevin’s next step will be physical therapy, according to Dr. Glashow.
HollywoodLifers, do YOU think Kevin will play basketball again? Vote below!

---

This month some important Walmart news did not get the attention it deserved. The news wasn't some flashy announcement about virtual reality or about some new service for busy Manhattanites. It was something much more subtle and much more substantive.
It was the hire of Valerie Casey. Google "Valerie Casey" even today and only two listings make mention of her newfound connection with Walmart on the first page of the returned search results. This amount of attention is unjustifiably slight. Let this piece then serve as the hire's coming out party.
Shrewdly, Walmart has made Valerie Casey, formerly of Frog, Ideo, and Pentagram, its new head of design. She will be charged with leading Walmart into the future and ensuring that all its products and services, from websites to employee and consumer apps, will work in cohesion and from a singular experience design point of view.
"What's the big whup?" you might ask.
The big whup is that this announcement clearly shows that Walmart has jumped feet first into the waters of next generation retailing. Under Doug McMillon's bold leadership, Walmart here again is taking one of the most essential steps to long-term success for any legacy bricks-and-mortar retailer—specifically, redefining how it thinks of the word "product."
Instead of doing what many retailers do, like staffing de facto "product" heads within owned brand development, store operations, e-commerce, etc. and then leaving them to collaborate inside complex organizations with competing priorities, Walmart rightly understands that retailing has become so complex that all these aforementioned roles now need their own steward to ensure alignment.
Walmart having a mission to help its customers save money and live better is one thing, but putting that promise into coherent action is another thing entirely. Many retailers take such coordinated action for granted, which is why so many legacy retail experiences feel disjointed across the digital and physical divide. Success rarely is found in the compromise and turf wars of internal politics. The buck needs to stop somewhere.
Prior to e-commerce, before customers had the myriad of options they have today to consume products (via web portals, apps, social media, etc.), retailers were able to differentiate themselves by the products inside their four walls. The strategic practice of product differentiation became so prevalent and such a point of emphasis that it even gave way to the commonly heard parlance of retail being a "merchant-led business."
The growth of e-commerce in the 1990s and 2000s rewrote the playbook though. During this period, Jeff Bezos built Amazon into the "Everything Store." His idea was that as long as he could offer a great selection, convenience and great prices, consumers would gravitate towards Amazon over time. Boy, was he right, and, boy, did they ever gravitate towards Amazon.
Whether customers try to order direct from Amazon or from one of Amazon's many third-party suppliers on 

---

NCSA has Family Courtworkers across Alberta that can help you with your situation.
You have the right to know what is happening. You will be told if your child has been apprehended either verbally or in writing. You will also be told the reasons why your child has been apprehended.
You have the right to consult a lawyer and should contact one immediately if your child has been apprehended. You might find it helpful to involve an advocate such as a courtworker or other support such as a family member or friend.
You have a right to be in court and be involved in the planning for your child.
You have the right to speak to a lawyer to find out if a decision can be reviewed or appealed.

---

Original spare cable for the use with PolarFIS devices and old PolarBT BlueTooth PB01. You can order it in the case your original cable be damaged. This cable already comes with your device when you place one order (already included in the price), so only is necessary for replacing original cable.

---

Want to enjoy your drink at any time? Apparently you need a portable cup such as the collapsible shot glass. If you’re curious, let’s go on checking.
As we can see from the images, this is an easy-to-carry shot glass that measures 2 x 1-1/8 inches and weights 3 oz. The entire shot glass features stainless steel construction, so it will never stain or corrode. Most importantly, the shot glass is collapsible. After enjoying your drink, you can calmly fold it up into the accompanying small zippered vinyl carrying case and tuck into your pocket or bag. Apart from that, the keyring on the shot glass allows you to attach it to your backpack for a trip.
The collapsible shot glass is priced at $15.85 USD. If you’re interested, jump to Magellan’s Travel Supplies for more details.
Additionally, if you’re a fan of retro games from ATARI, don’t miss the ATARI themed glass shots.

---

Celebrate all the moms in your life with official MLB Mother's Day Gear apparel and say thanks for all the great things mothers do. We have authentic gear for all 30 MLB teams including pink caps, t-shirts, accessories and more. Shop the best brands for mom, such as DKNY Sport, Keds and Dooney & Bourke, as well as Luca & Danni and Alex Woo jewelry. What better way to celebrate baseball and family than with official Mother's Day gear for her favorite team? Rely on MLB.com Shop for all the best apparel you'll find online.

---

The design of the wine room was created utilizing a reclaimed door and wood from a barn located on the property. We were able to use the reclaimed door's existing hardware to provide rustic charm and appeal. In addition the wood was used to create the "X" pattern shelving with accent lighting to provide warm ambient light that enhances the overall look.

---

Parenting Podcasts: You Aren’t Alone!
When you follow someone online, you get a glimpse into their life. Suddenly instead of feeling alone, you feel validated in your decisions, and heck you might even learn something along the way!
Parenting podcasts offer this, and can help remind parents that whatever problem they’re facing, they’re not alone.
Listening into shows, or reading people’s stories online, can feel like you’re eavesdropping on their lives. However by being allowed to peak in, you suddenly realise that a lot things about parenting are universal.
We all do a lot of the things the same.
We also do a lot of things differently, and it’s always fascinating to hear how others live their lives, and parent their children.
Whether you agree or disagree, it still makes for a great conversation.
The Parenting View is one of these shows that has just started up, promising to get conversations going about all things parenting.
Maria Foy, creator and host of the podcast The Parenting View, says “A lot of parents can get disillusioned by what they see online, but with a show like this, suddenly you’re exposed to a conversation that is unfiltered.” She also goes on to say “No two people parent the same, and everybody’s life experiences are different – which makes these kind of conversations fascinating. When we stop and listen to others, we learn; and knowledge is power. We can choose what to do with that information however we want“.
As mentioned in our “Podcasts Are The New Black” post, you can listen to a podcast anywhere, anytime. You do not have to sit down in front of a computer to do it.
So you could be doing your laundry, going for a walk, or feeding your baby and still be able to tune in and feel less alone as a parent.
So head on over to Soundcloud and start checking out the podcasts available. If you’re interested, you can check out The Parenting View’s own podcast HERE.
You can check it out, and subscribe to it, on iTunes or on Spotify (coming soon).

---

Over the past century, Leviton's electrical components have made them a household name. But did you know that they produce an impressive line of fiber optic products as well? From consumables and connectors to fiber enclosures and adapter plates, Leviton fiber optic components are designed for fast, easy terminations and high quality connections. Read on to learn more about Leviton fiber optics, available right here at CableOrganizer.com!
Before you can terminate optical fiber, you've got to get it squeaky clean. For just that reason, you'll find a wide variety of Leviton fiber optic consumables products at CableOrganizer.com. The standard Leviton Consumables Kit comes complete with alcohol pads, polyester wipes, music wire, and lapping film. The Fast-Cure Kit is made up of all the adhesive, accelerator, needles and syringes needed for terminations with Leviton's Fast-Cure connectors. We even carry Leviton's Adhesive Accelerator kit, which contains primer and hardener for use with fiber optic connector adhesives.
Leviton Fan Out Kits are perfect for separating and protecting 250-micron fibers during fan out terminations, and make it easy to route them into 900-micron color-coded buffer tubes. Fan out kits are available in 24" and 36" lengths, for 6-fiber or 12-fiber configurations.
Whether you need to terminate single-mode or multimode fiber, Leviton's FastCAM connectors allow you to make fast, precise field terminations. Using a proven and revolutionary mechanical splice technology, FastCAM connectors eliminate the need for hand polishing, specials tools, and even epoxy! After a cleaved fiber is inserted into a FastCAM connector, the installer simply releases the factory-installed wedge clip, and an instant low-loss connection is formed.
EIA/TIA compliant FastCAM connectors are available in LC, SC or ST styles. They're perfect for any indoor premise or fiber-to-the-subscriber installation, as well as applications that require a fast data network. To make terminations even easier, try Leviton's FastCAM Installation Kit, which includes a fiber stripper, cleaver, and two types of cleaning wipes: dry and alcohol-moistened.
Perfect for both indoor and outdoor applications, Fast-Cure Adhesive Style Connectors from Leviton make it easy to quickly terminate optical fiber for LANs, WANs, point-to-point systems and Cable TV distribution networks. Available for single-mode and multimode fiber, Fast-Cure connectors come in LC, SC and ST styles, and feature precision, pre-radiused zirconia ferrules. Leviton's Fast-Cure adhesive connectors comply with TIA/EIA standards, and their high cable-retention crimp makes them ideal for use with jacketed fiber.
Thread-Lock connectors are a convenient solution for easy field terminations on single-mode and multimode fiber. TIA/EIA compliant Thread-Lock connectors are both removable and reusable, and meet Telecommunications Industry standards for tensile strength and performance. Best suited for indoor use, these Leviton

---

I’m business and career driven individual. I have contributed to a couple of business development and execution project within and outside Nigeria.
The business world is evolving with the speed of light. A lot of entrepreneurs believe money is the major determining factor in starting a business. Running a business requires critical and strategic planning, commitment to customers, qualitative service delivery and innovation to ensure your business survive the competition especially in this digital age.
I am an ardent creative analyst with the flare for proper administration for effective performance and result delivery. There’s no need embarking on projects when you don’t have the end in view.
Over the years my experience and my ever-increasing knowledge in the business world has helped provide solutions to businesses.
Research and self-development are my core. I advocate for constant learning and implementation of new discoveries. There’s always a story behind every success story and it’s called discipline and stay through power.

---

We focus on bringing the PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B replacement Charger of high quality to UK customers and desire our customers can buy their satisfying PANASONIC chargers, the Input: 100V-240V, Output: 12V, 0.00g, 106.50x69.00x37.00mm battery charger on sales will be the perfect replacement to your original PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B.
We guarantee the PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B Charger with a full one-year warranty from the date of purchase, 30 days money back, if the PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B Charger have any quality problem! If you have any question or suggestion, please Contact Us, We committed to providing the highest standard of excellent service for our clients.
Buy PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B battery and PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B charger Together, Save UK £0.50!
We focus on bringing the PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B replacement Charger of high quality to UK customers and desire our customers can buy their satisfying PANASONIC chargers, the Input Voltage: 5 V, Output Voltage: 8.4 V, Output Current: 0.8 A, 49.20g, mm battery charger on sales will be the perfect replacement to your original PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B.
Shopping from us is safe and secure. We do not sell, rent or share information of our customers with other parties. Exceldigital.org.uk guarantee your PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B battery chargers transaction will be 100% safe.
We are professional manufacturer and distributor of all types of replacement batteries and battery chargers. Full one year warranty for every replacement battery, adapter and battery charger; We assure that we use only high quality parts that equal to or better than the original so you can feel good about having a positive impact on our environment when you use our PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B chargers. In our store you will find a right products at very competitive prices so you will save lots of money.
Shopping PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B Battery Charger On Exceldigital(UK) is great. all PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B Chargers sell with prices at rock bottom, secure and excellent customer service. just buy PANASONIC CGR-B/202A1B Battery Chargers right now, right here!

---

"Dozens of network-attached storage (NAS) servers and other consumer appliances are about to gain mainline kernel and Debian GNU/Linux support. The 2.6.25 kernel, currently in the final stages of testing, will support Marvell's Feroceon micro-architecture and 'Orion' SoCs, with Debian support close behind, sources say.
"Yesterday, Linus Torvalds launched release candidate 7 (rc7) for the 2.6.25 kernel, commenting, 'Give it a good testing, because we're hopefully now well on our way towards that eventual real 2.6.25 release!' The comment suggests the newest kernel could well launch this week..."

---

In 1992 Jacki was the first on the national market with her Blessed Herbal Candles, thus creating the spiritual candle industry. Over the past 25 plus years she has created hundreds of magical candles, teaches, presents, podcasts, writes, volunteers, and her latest venture is to make the Akashic Records a powerful and practical spiritual tool. DIY Akashic Wisdom, Access the Library of Your Soul, is co-authored with her sister, business partner and wonder-twin, Patty Shaw. Jacki has dedicated her entire life to the mission of normalizing the words сWitchо and сMagicо. Through her best seller Coventry Magic and selling over 2 million candles she has a head start.

---

University of Utah track and field athlete Lauren McCluskey was found shot dead Monday night in the backseat of a vehicle outside a campus dormitory, according to university police. The suspected shooter was 37-year-old Melvin Rowland, a man McCluskey’s family said she had recently stopped dating. Rowland’s body was found a few hours later at a church; police said he died by suicide.
At a press conference, university police chief Dale Brophy said that McCluskey had filed a police report with them “on Oct. 12 and Oct. 13” about threats from Rowland. There was “some follow-up” and it was assigned to a detective who was “working to build a case against our suspect at that time,” Brophy said. The police chief would not go into further details about what happened with that investigation.
On Monday night, Brophy said that police got a call from a frantic mother saying “something happened to her daughter.” In a statement released by the McCluskey family, McCluskey’s mother said that she was on the phone with her daughter that night when she suddenly heard Lauren McCluskey yell “no no no!” Afraid her daughter was in a car accident, she stayed on the line while her husband called 911. A few minutes later, the family statement said, “a young woman picked up the phone and said all of Lauren’s things were on the ground.” It was the last time she spoke with her daughter.
Police officers went to the parking lot and found McCluskey’s body, Brophy said. The university issued an alert and an order for students to “secure-in-place.” It was lifted at 11:46 p.m., according to the university’s website, after police determined that Rowland was no longer on campus. Brophy said that Rowland was picked up by a vehicle and, about 1:15 a.m. he was spotted by Salt Lake City police who ran after him. Rowland got inside the Trinity AME Church, where he killed himself. A retired pastor told the Salt Lake Tribune that, to the best of his knowledge, Rowland didn’t attend the church and he had no idea why he chose that building.
The family of McCluskey, 21, said that their daughter had dated Rowland for about a month. She ended the relationship after she learned about his criminal history.
Lauren was a senior student athlete on the University of Utah track team. She was an outstanding student with a 3.75 GPA majoring in Communication and was excited to graduate in May 2019. She was a 2015 honors graduate of Pullman High School where she was Washington state champion in the high jump and the school record holder in the 100 meter hurdles. She attended Capital Church in Salt Lake City. She loved to sing and had strength and determination. She was dearly loved and will be greatly missed.
Police said the two had been in a “prior relationship,” but wouldn’t comment further. According to Utah Department of Corrections, Rowland was convicted in 2004 of enticing a minor, a second-degree felony, and attempted forcible sexual abuse, a third-degree felony. His last known home, Brophy said, w

---

Gimme S'more - A School Superintendent's thoughts on education, community, parenting, and more.
What can make a hippopotamus smile? What can make him walk more than a mile? It's not a party with paper hats or a case of candy that makes him fat, THAT’S NOT WHAT HIPPOS DO! Nooooo. They, ooze through the gooze without any shoes, they wade through the water till' their lips turn blue, that’s what hippos do!
Just in case you were wondering what makes a hippo smile, right?
Before you jump to the conclusion that I have lost my mind, let me explain. For some, the introductory lines of this blog will ring familiar. They are the lyrics to one of many songs that will echo through acres of forests, hillsides, and riverbanks during the months of June, July and August. These songs will be sung by a passionate army of young children who, along with their mentors and idols, will be participating in a ritual cherished by the inner child in so many of us--SLEEPAWAY CAMP!
It’s February, which means families across the country are securing their spots at one of over 8,400 U.S. sleepaway camps and over 5,600 certified day camps. Have you reserved your spot yet? If not, let me explain why I think you should.
As a parent of three and a former camper, camp counselor, and camp director, I cannot impress upon parents enough the meaningful impact summer camp can have on children. In my parent education classes, I often refer to sleepaway camp as the single most important and impactful experience a parent can provide their child. For most children, sleepaway camp develops the skills and mindsets parents so earnestly want to impart upon their children and does so in ways that we parents are sometimes unable to do. So why am I such a passionate advocate for sleepaway camp?
It’s easy for a parent to forget that our number one responsibility is to prepare our children to LEAVE US. It’s counterintuitive, really. We spend so much of our lives connecting with these little beings that grow up so quickly. We offer them all we have. In them, we place our hopes, dreams, and aspirations. Only to have them roll their eyes when we perse our lips for a kiss as they leave the car and say, “Gross, mom. My friends will see. Ugh!” As our kids grow older they need us less. And they should. If you want to measure your success as a parent (and I don’t necessarily recommend that you do), consider how well you are preparing your children to leave you.
Sleepaway camp is the single most important resource that I have found that helps prepare our children for healthy individuation. Individuation is a psychological term (coined by Carl Jung) that describes the process of self-actualization. In basic terms, a child’s individuation begins when he/she starts to see him/herself as separate from the parent. As much as we might not feel comfortable with the idea of our child separating more from us, it is an essential part of the process of a child becoming a healthy adult. At sleepaway camp, our children a

---

There’s a lot of vague, fluffy talk about self-care. I’m a fan of practical, tangible, actionable. If you are too, this is for you.
Magnificent Mornings is the live workshop I lead all about discovering and creating your ideal morning routine, one that allows you to show up as the best version of yourself, with ease.
Can’t make the live version or just prefer to go at your own pace? Then this self-paced version is for you.
This cooking guide includes 29 simple, easy, stress-reducing recipes that are all plant-based and gluten-free.
You’ll learn a bit about my philosophy in the kitchen and my tips and tricks for converting recipes to meet dietary restrictions quickly and easily.

---

Get a Bigger Bed - But PAY LESS - Spring Offers Now On in Store!
We Stock Harrison! Follow the Sheep for a Great Nights Sleep!
We understand that no two people are the same. So, neither should their mattresses or beds be, that’s why, here at Sleep Matters we offer a bespoke service to all our clients. All our beds and mattresses are made to order in either Single, Double, King, Super King or special sizes offering various levels of support and comfort.
As well as our premium mattresses and beds, choose from our extensive range of stylish headboards, traditional divans, spacious ottomans, and beautiful bed frames, in a wide range of intricate fabrics and styles to suit your individual taste. We have everything you need to create the ultimate centrepiece to your room.
We also have a luxurious range of fine bedding for you to sample at our spacious showroom where a professional and extremely high standard of service is afforded to all our clients.
Visit our bed showroom on Huddersfield Road, Honley today!

---

This title is a comprehensive account of the key aspects of medical leadership. A highly accessible, text book-style resource, it explores how the medical profession has evolved in tandem with administrative and structural aspects of the NHS. Assuming leadership roles at all stages of their training and career is a progressively vital component of the definition of a good doctor. This book will provide invaluable support and guidance to anyone engaged in leadership within the NHS, but particularly to junior doctors in the primary and secondary care arenas taking on leadership roles for the first time.
An introduction to medical leadership and engagement: a perspective on this text. A historical perspective on medical leadership. Doctors and managers: differing perspectives. Roles and models of leadership. Medical leadership competency approaches. Why does it matter? Medical engagement and organisational performance. Medical leadership and primary care. Appraisal and revalidation. Practical examples of initiatives to enhance leadership capacity. Medical leadership and engagement: towards cultural acceptance and the future.
Peter Spurgeon was Director of the Health Services Management Centre at the University of Birmingham prior to joining Warwick Medical School (WMS). At WMS he was originally based in the Institute of Clinical Leadership, which ran programmes in medical leadership for undergraduate and postgraduate doctors. The Institute also offered development programmes for newly qualified doctors and developed a Certificate and Masters programme in Medical Leadership.Peter was Project Director for five years on the Enhancing Engagement in Medical Leadership project, run jointly by the NHS Institute for Innovation and Improvement and the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges. This project produced the Medical Leadership Competency Framework (MLCF), now endorsed by the General Medical Council as part of undergraduate and postgraduate training. It also formed the basis of a modified Clinical Leadership Competency Framework for all clinical professionals and ultimately the Leadership Framework for all NHS staff groups.The project also produced the Medical Engagement Scale (MES), which provides a metric of the level of engagement of the medical workforce in the wider goals of the organisation. Peter has overseen the subsequent use of this measure to its current position of an international comparative database of some 7000 doctors. The sustained link between levels of medical engagement and organisational performance has seen increasing attention given to both assessment and development of enhanced engagement.Peter is now a Recognised Researcher in the Social Science and Systems in Health Unit of the Division of Health Sciences at WMS.
John Clark is is an Honorary Associate Professor within the University of Warwick Medical School and was involved in the design and delivery of a new Masters in Medical Leadership. He is also an Adjunct Professor in Clin

---

Negative Pneumatic Toothed Clutch with Front Toothing, Closed with Springs Pressure, with Transmission.
• The power supply (approx. 6 bars) disconnects the toothed clutch.
• The transmission (8) makes it easy to assemble the toothed clutch and add a crown wheel or pulley, etc.
• Static moments (MS) from 110 to 2100 Nm.

---

In fact, there are currently over a million international students studying in the United States. India and China are by far the two largest contributors, with 47% of all students for the 2015-2016 school year.
The visa application process can be confusing though, especially when English isn’t your strong suit. We at TransparentCareer have laid out each type of visa used by international students, and the application process for each visa.
F1 Visa– These are the most common type of visas, and are used for bachelor and graduate school degrees, as well as training programs in the English language. The first step is to check whether the university you’re interested in is verified by the United States government – you can’t get an F1 visa for non accredited universities. Take a look here to see if your school is verified. The first step is to apply to universities where you want to study. Upon acceptance, the university will provide you with a form I-20. Keep in mind – you can’t transfer once you select a school. Make sure it’s the right fit for you! You’ll then have to go to the site of the US embassy closest to you, and pay a non refundable application fee. Find the embassy closest to you here.
You’ll then have to prepare for an interview – the sooner you can set this up the better. The interviewer will require proof of intent to return to your country after you complete your education (such as family, home job offer) as well as a passport and the form I-20 provided by your school. The interview will also require proof of financial sufficiency to fund your education. If you need advice on how to finance your education, take a look at this guide. Depending on your school you may also have to provide test scores such as the SAT, GMAT, or GRE.
J1A Visa– J1A visas are for those looking to temporarily stay in the US for a work or culture exchange program, such as to be an au pair, international camp counselor, or for specific medical training. To be accepted, you have to be sponsored by a nonprofit or government organization. You can find a list of all approved organizations here. After applying and being approved by an organization, they’ll provide you with a DS-2019 form to fill out. Then you have to apply for a J1A visa at your nearest US embassy. A Sevis I-901 fee must then be paid (sometimes by your sponsor), along with a Nonimmigrant Application Processing Fee of $160. You must then schedule an appointment with the embassy, giving plenty of time in case anything goes wrong. Bring along the DS-2019 form provided by your sponsor, as well as your passport, a 2×2 photo, and any additional documentation that may be required depending on the nature of your program. You can find the types of documentation on the J1A government site.
M1A Visa– This is visa for vocational training in the US. There must be a specific program/school when you apply for the visa, and you’ll have certain requirements and forms you might have to fill out for the school before ap

---

One day minding my own business i thought of my ex boyfriend the true love of my life and there on the ground was a feather. Very interesting to read about feathers. I just got out of jail last week and have had a recent huge breakup in a relationship but know its nest for my mental health.
She is the older sister of finn and.
White feathers appearing out of nowhere. In addition here is a quick look at some of the additional meaning certain colored feathers may have. Ravenna is the cruel and tyrannical ruler of the kingdom of tabor as well as a dangerously powerful sorceress. Ravenna also known asthe evil queen or simplythe queen is the primary antagonist of snow white and the huntsman and the huntsman. I asked back in december 09 nothing.
Pink feathers are a reminder of the unconditional love of your angels and a reminder of the infinite inspiration available when youre tuned into love. I cannot believe all the feathers that have appeared to me in the last 2 months.

---

Fabulous Large Extending Dining Table Large Extending Oak Dining Table Living Room Decoration – Here’s some pictures of design ideas for your home interior design related to large extending dining table. We collected the images from various sources to provide Dining Room inspiration for you. The image that we serve is high quality and high resolution, with the hope that you can clearly see the detail of inspiration about large extending dining table. The exactly dimension of the Fabulous Large Extending Dining Table Large Extending Oak Dining Table Living Room Decoration is 1188×600 pixels.
We hope this post may be of benefit to you, especially in designing a Dining Room in your home. You can find related images related to Fabulous Large Extending Dining Table Large Extending Oak Dining Table Living Room Decoration on this website by discovering the category section, or the related posts below. So, take your time and find the amazing Fabulous Large Extending Dining Table Large Extending Oak Dining Table Living Room Decoration pictures informed here that suitable with your needs.
Hopefully, the pictures about Fabulous Large Extending Dining Table Large Extending Oak Dining Table Living Room Decoration that we have provided this can be useful for you all. Don’t forget to share this post with your friends to help your friend in finding their inspiration. Creative greeting from our and Thank you for visiting.

---

AN ACT TO AMEND SECTION 99-35-115, MISSISSIPPI CODE OF 1972, TO REVISE THE PRESUMPTION AGAINST RELEASE ON BAIL AFTER CONVICTION OF A FELONY; AND FOR RELATED PURPOSES.
99-35-115. * * * A person convicted of a felony shall not be entitled to be released from imprisonment pending an appeal to the Supreme Court, unless it be so ordered by the court in which conviction is had, or by the Supreme Court, or by the judge who presided at the conviction, or the judge of the district in which conviction was had, or a judge of the Supreme Court in vacation of said court; and the making of such order shall be a matter of discretion with either the court or judge to be exercised with the greatest caution, and only when the peculiar circumstances of the case render it proper.

---

A good honours degree in chemistry, pharmacy, pharmaceutical science, pharmacology, biological science or biomedical science. Other chemistry or medical science degrees will be considered on an individual basis. All applicants will be expected to pass all mathematics modules within their first degree and should demonstrate suffice competency in biology and chemistry.
Applicants with alternative qualifications will also need appropriate experience (in healthcare, the pharmaceutical industry or a regulatory body, for example).

---

PM. Speed Dating in Memphis | Singles Events. Loflin Yard, Memphis.
Speed Dating for Singles in Nashville | Speed Dating Event tickets. $25 - $29.
Pre-Dating Memphis Speed Dating Singles Events - Monthly Parties in Memphis.
who do all types of activities all over the Midsouth! Everything from hikin.

---

Needs a rebuild. Hard to find. $100 USD. Located in Ottawa, Canada. Will ship.

---

Starring Cast Rajesh Hamal, Sanchita Luitel, Dilip Rayamajhi, Deepak Chhetri, Simpal Khanal etc.
Sanchita Luitel – One of the most beautiful actress in Nepali film industry, Sanchita Luitel had married actor Nikhil Upreti. After giving birth to two children, Sanchita is trying to get back into acting these days. Sanchita’s comeback movie ‘Nai Nabhannu La 3’ was a super hit movie.
Simpal Khanal – The model and actress Simpal Khanal debuted as a actress in this movie. After this movie Simpal didn’t do any more movies for almost a decade before being featured in leading role in ‘Adhyaya’. Simpal married a businessman in UK in January 2016.
This entry was posted in Nepali Movies and tagged Bijaya Kerung, Deepak Chhetri, Dilip Rayamajhi, M film, Majhi Dai, Rajesh Hamal, Sanchita Luitel, Simpal Khanal, Simple Khanal. Bookmark the permalink.
fantastic . Really reflects nepali culture . Fell like you get what your heart wants .
agdam ramro movie i like it-keep on send this type of movie hai.
Really very nice movie.keep on post like this fantastic movies.
Thank you! I like this Majhi Dai Movie. I appreciate very much to Film maker. Please make more film in a realistic. I give grade in 8/10. its a great!
I dont like this movie its always push so———– funny.
nice movie…….keep on posting other fantastic and cooooooooooooooooooooool movies hai ta..

---

Barbara Brown Taylor is the Butman Professor of Religion at Piedmont College in rural northeast Georgia. An Episcopal priest since 1984, she is the author of twelve books, including the New York Times bestseller An Altar in the World. Her first memoir, Leaving Church, met with widespread critical acclaim, winning a 2006 Author of the Year award from the Georgia Writers Association. Barbara lives with her husband on a working farm in the foothills of the Appalachians.
We are so fortunate to be welcoming Barbara Brown Taylor to the 2013 Festival of Homiletics. You are sure to come away inspired and motivated following an evening spent with one of the best known preachers in the United States.

---

Expressing yourself by sharing photos on Instagram is a buzz especially when the service is backed up by Facebook. It has already added its presence in Social Media. Instagram app is available on Android and iPhone only, as of now. Instagram also works the same way as the Twitter works but the only difference is that your status is expressed with photos clicked by you.
Related Post: How to take Cloud Backup from major cloud services and FTP.
Since, it is supported on limited mobile operating systems it is less used by mobile users. But, I must say you should join Instagram and experience photo sharing. Today I would be sharing ways on how can you access Instagram on web. Instagram is being used more for the Photo contest and social media campaigns these days. Even I have seen few images which I am sure it is not clicked by mobile camera, but they upload it by third-party applications uploading directly from the computer. Apart from that, you can even search in Instagram or know the stats of the users using the service.
How can you use Instagram on your PC?
Gramfeed: gives an interactive Instagram UI which helps you to manage your friends photos likes and check out familiar photos which are active. It also shows the maps which helps to know from where the photo is being clicked. It provides you grid view if you want to see the photos in one go or you can select it in normal view which helps you to check out the photos with time format.
Ink361: is another Instagram third-party service, which helps you to give the full view of the photos uploaded by other users like you see in Instagram. Ink361 shows their ad in between of other images which irritates using the service sometimes as Instagram does not provide any ad placement on mobile service. The geo tagging feature is more useful than Gramfeed.
Related Post: Learning from Red Bull Stratos – How to create Buzz!
Instagram for Chrome: this one is the best browser based application which gives the exact feel of using Instagram on the mobile. All the features are similar to the Instagram app on the mobile. But you can use this app in only Google Chrome browser.
Luxogram: This service is still in a beta phase. But will give all the needed features of Instagram. The photo feed gets updates as and when your friends add up the photos. When you move the cursor on the photo you will see the details of the photo and the update status. You can even like by double clicking the photo.
Let me know your experience using these web applications. Feel free to drop your comments.
« Things to keep in mind before downloading Windows 8?

---

Did you know that reviews are very beneficial? A review is assessment of something in order to institute change if necessary. Reviews are quite a crucial deal in our daily business activities. This article tries to point out the most important aspects of having reviews. Enlisted below are some of the benefits of reviews.
First and foremost is that reviews form ac channel of free advertisement. A review posted by a customer is always an advantage to you because this is a form of advertisement to an individual's business. With these posts your products are placed on the market and your name is put to light with quality products. For more info on Reviews, click here to learn more. More so, with online review you can provide a vast exposure to masses of people that the local channels of marketing could not have accomplished.
Secondly, reviews have a greater influence on peer recommendation. Research has shown that most people would actually prefer peer recommendations. Most people would actually prefer reference and recommendations on several market products from people they have knowledge of. Recommendations will put your products to the market and thus enable growth of your enterprise therefore, making reviews very important.
On to the third benefit is that reviews always attract constructive criticism and reasonable suggestions. Some of the online reviews might raise questions relating to one's enterprise and suggest some possible solutions that may be aimed at improving such doubts. This can be a good practice that is aimed at improving customer needs and preferences. Satisfied customers will actually enhance the growth of your business and thus encourage peer recommendations and references leading to a more established business.
On to the fourth benefit is that reviews bring you closer to your customers. Like other channels example social media reviews will bring you ultimately closer to your customer. To read more about Reviews, visit www.crunchreviews.com/baby-tech/best-video-baby-monitor. As a business owner you are at a position to read and evaluate a range of customer's opinion. With this you can reply to customers with either positive or negative reviews showing that you are much interested with what customers actually suggest. Showing customers that you value their suggestions will bring you closer to them and thus allow you to gain respect among them.
Lastly, reviews will actually improve your search engine results. Search engine results take into account the number of times your business is mentioned in reviews. Therefore, with more mentions you are likely to appear in a higher rank. Learn more about Reviews from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Review.

---

The court system in Sheridan, Arkansas is a government institution of Arkansas to settle disagreements involving residents of, or events that occurred in, Sheridan.
If you are involved in a lawsuit, or any legal dispute, in Sheridan, Arkansas, it's very likely that you will have some contact with the court system.
Jury Duty: If you a U.S. citizen, and an adult resident of Sheridan, chances are you've interacted with the courts in Sheridan by being called to jury duty, at least once in your life. If you receive a letter informing you that you have jury duty, you have to show up at the court on the appointed date, where you will sit in a "juror pool," waiting to be called into court for an upcoming trial. During the jury selection procedure, you may be eliminated as a possible juror, at which point, your service is complete. If you end up on the jury, you must show up every day for the trial, or risk being held in contempt of court.
Filing a Lawsuit: When you decide that you need to sue someone in Sheridan, Arkansas civil court, it goes without saying that you're going to spend a lot of time dealing with the judicial system. Even if your case doesn't go to trial (and, statistically, it probably won't), the proceedings can drag on for months. Settlement conferences, disagreements over discovery, and many other issues not directly related to the merits of your lawsuit are going to be overseen by the Sheridan, Arkansas court.
Being Sued: Likewise, if you're the defendant in a lawsuit, you're going to have a lot of work to do in Sheridan, Arkansas's courts. You and your attorney will have to draft and file an answer to the lawsuit, and plenty of other documents, as well. Furthermore, there are many hearings that usually occur before a trial, to resolve procedural and evidentiary issues.
Divorce: Most divorces in Sheridan, Arkansas are fairly quick, and don't require a lot of involvement from the courts. Some, however, can get combative, and the local court system may be obligated to resolve disputes between the parties.
Most people don't have to go to court in Sheridan, Arkansas unless they're dealing with some perplexing legal issues.
Thus, it's prudent to consult with an experienced civil attorney in Sheridan, Arkansas if you feel that you will be encountering the court system in the near future.

---

2 story vinyl home in need of TLC, but some nice features and loads of potential. Newer oak kitchen cabinets, first floor laundry, large formal living room and dining room. 3 bedrooms (3rd bedroom is small with no closet) and full bath upstairs plus walk-up attic for storage. Large, level yard, off-street parking and shed. Property sold AS-IS. Seller will make no repairs. Offers must be submitted through HUD approved broker. Buyer pays both transfer taxes. Equal Housing Opportunity.

---

eCallChina is a reliable and responsible phone card vendor. We sell trouble free Paraguay-Mobile calling cards and provide outstanding service. How to call Paraguay-Mobile (Cellular) from the United States (USA)? The general rule to dial: 011 + Paraguay country code + area code + phone number. When you purchase your prepaid Cheaprate and receive our instant PIN, you will aslo receive simple, easy to understand dialling instructions.
4/24/2019 10:54:31 PM Provided By Responsible and Reliable Phone Card Vendor.

---

Principal Neheli earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree with a major in Sociology at McMaster University, Hamilton Canada. She went on to receive a Bachelor of Education at Brock University in St. Catharines, Canada and subsequently a Master of Education in Special Education at the University of Toronto. Ms. Neheli holds numerous certifications in special education and is an advocate for individuals on the autism spectrum.
Her career in teaching has given her the opportunity to teach in the primary, junior, intermediate and senior divisions. She has years of experience in Ontario Canada as principal of elementary and secondary schools.
Ms. Neheli has brought this wealth of knowledge and experience to Providence Elementary. Her belief that all children can learn and all teachers are essential factors in that process is sure to benefit our community.

---

Rent the Centre. Celebrations, Parties or just for fun.
In order to provide a flavour of the Grenville House experience set out below are a collection of images showing the range of activities and other aspects of a visit to the Centre.
To open an album click on the chosen category image. Click on any image to enlarge it and finally to enable you to scroll through the selected album float the cursor over the end of the image to reveal the direction arrow.

---

Dayton WordCamp | The Jamestown Comet.
Some people are of the mind that there is a certain age when learning something new is neither a priority nor even a possibility. As I approach a half-century on this earth, I have a hard time wrapping my head around the idea that, at some point, people just stop learning.
Barring some kind of dementia or other mental disorder, it’s hard to understand why anyone would “choose” to be an old dog, totally uninterested in learning a new trick. In my lines of work, I am frequently exposed to innovative technology and new ideas and I’m expected to keep up or I don’t pay the mortgage.
I spend a considerable amount of time researching, learning new concepts or updating my skills in some way so I can stay relevant in a world that seems to change by the nanosecond. Part of that continuing education includes reading, networking with others and going to conferences and workshops. I just returned from one such conference that was, for me, one of the single best I have ever attended.
A couple of months ago, I was asked by a friend to speak at an upcoming technology event known as, “Dayton WordCamp,” a two-day series focused on the website content management system called “WordPress.” As with most tech, this event would be dominated by much younger, more advanced presenters.
Originally, I hesitated, feeling as if “at my age” (and technical level) I would have little to bring to the table. But, with a little effort I found a spot where I fit into the program nicely and agreed.
Dayton’s event is one of hundreds of WordCamps around the world, all presented for the benefit of those using WordPress as their website platform. Lovingly referred to by organizers as an “unconference,” the atmosphere is very relaxed and laid back, with most people wearing jeans and T-shirts. One of the perks of speaking is the opportunity to attend the event as a spectator as well.
One of the first things I noticed upon arrival was that I was not the oldest person in the room. Of roughly 120 attendees the bell curve probably favored the younger crowd, but there were plenty of people my age and older as well. Such diversity says something for both the reputations of the scheduled presenters and the usability of the software about which we had all come to learn.
As the first day’s session began my apprehension diminished and I began to settle into a comfortable atmosphere for learning. By the conclusion of day two, I was not only charged up to dive in and apply my newly-acquired information, but I wanted to find a way to be more involved in future sessions.
At this point, I have to give a shout out to my friend Dustin Hartzler and his fellow organizers, particularly Nathan Driver, who invited me to speak at the event while also allowing me to be a student as well (that’s not the norm at such functions). These folks gave me the opportunity to expand my knowledge, allowing me to better serve my clients, plus I got to take a couple of days for myself, so

---

THE STORY: Bob was born in Fort Cobb, Oklahoma May 6, 1930. Bob loved to tell stories about his life, his family and friends and was able to share these stories with them during his last few days. Bob graduated from Ripon High School where he was a basketball star. He was a fan of local sports teams, especially Central Catholic and Modesto Christian Schools. Honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy in 1954; he served 4 years during the Korean War aboard the Battleship USS Missouri. Bob and his beautiful wife Connie owned Modesto Coin Center, where they worked together for 33 years. Bob was life member #1 of the Stanislaus County Coin Club, served as President, and attended many coin show throughout California. Bob passed away on Jan. 29, 2008 at age 77.

---

HOW did they sneak this through?? I thought they said they wouldn't!!
We don't have emoticons angry enough to express how I feel.
Hardly anything in the news about it...this was the article that came up first when I did a search.
It was reported on our local news channel too, the suggestion was that the drilling site equipment would not be sited on any protected land, but the shale gas would be extracted by using pipes laid underground to get to it. I doubt the exploration drilling site will do anything to complement the beautiful countryside views, another eyesore to put up with. I have my reservations about this whole process, there has to be some risk ( even if it's very low) when you are injecting those sort of materials underground to release the gas, what happens to the sand, chemicals and water then? Does it permeate the rock changing it's chemical composition, seep into water courses or add pollution to the atmosphere? Quite scary and all for the sake of getting our own gas (if it can be recovered)for the future - at what price?
I was sent a petition to sign in January, being run by Greenpeace but I don't remember seeing anything from 38 Degrees separately. Added just found this, I assume it's still relevant? speakout.38degrees.org.uk/campaigns/fracking-keep-your-promise Just signed it and it was accepted.
For me, the jury is still out with regards to fracking. I'm not totally against the proposals but 38 Degrees is a revelation - never heard of it before, I obviously lead a very sheltered life! So thank you for that.
I agree with you, Shirl, about not having decided absolutely about the harm that might be done by fracking, but what does worry me is that it is yet more reliance on fossil fuels, when we are supposed to be committed to renewable energy. This is what makes me feel that big business is bound to be behind it. Thanks for alerting me to the petition – it's probable that I signed that one a while ago, but it needs to be said again. I have emailed them to say so. i also feel strongly that protected areas should stay protected.
Alf, I am so glad you have been alerted to 38 Degrees (and do you know Avaaz, for the international equivalent?). It is a way of getting the voice of sensible, reasonable, concerned people (that's us, of course!) heard, as opposed to the government and business (much the same thing, at the present time) having it all its own way.
I thought they said they wouldn't!!
I have just read in New Scientist that senior environmentalists believe that fracking is the best option we have at the moment. Yes, it is a fossil fuel, but for reasons I don't pretend to understand, it is apparently far and away the best, until really effective solar power etc is produced. Here's an article in the Guardian about it www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jul/08/shale-gas-fracking-good-for-environment. But I'm still not at all sure that it should go on in national parks – they say that it produces quite an upheaval getting started

---

I have recorded quite a few CDs. I recommend "Reliable Transportation" - my first cd. Also "The Innocent Bystanders Volumes I & II" and "Ed Dowling and the Moments Live at the Spirit Room" I played with the Innocent Bystanders for 15 years or so. We were a newgrass band with a unique style and sound. We played every Saturday and Sunday afternoon at the Spirit Room in Jerome, Arizona for most of the 1980's. There are some nice original tunes on the 2 CD set which was recorded live at the Spirit Room in 1987. I am trying to provide as many of the tunes as possible for free download and listening. The cds are $10 each plus shipping.
Click on a song title below to listen to that track.
A new small window will appear with the MP4 audio file.

---

Silver Sword Necklace Pendant and Bronze and Silver Shield Earrings for the women who understand that we are both protectors and when necessary, warriors. We stand together to protect all that is just and right and fight for our futures as well as that of future generations.
A 4mm garnet, a stone of protection and courage, is set in an 18K gold bezel. Bronze shield Earrings are a nod to the Bronze Age, the age when humans first started working with metal. The sterling silver hooks also hold deep red garnet teardrops.
I love shapes, metals and stones with a story and love adding my own story to each piece I create.
Please email/message me with any questions.

---

Hi all, is this for a subscription to be a member of a forum, or a subscription to a topic/forum please?
it's not that it actually makes you a member of a forum, that is more or less for users of a forum to donate to your site, you can make them a donator for 30 days or so of a special group. try it as a bbcode and see exactly what the paypal site tells you once you click on the paypal button!

---

The Linux kernel now includes everything that is needed to use 3D acceleration with all GeForce graphics chips. Drivers have also been added for a Wireless Gigabit chip and a PCIe WLAN chip from Realtek.
In his email announcing the release of Linux 3.8-rc6, Linus Torvalds emphasised that he wanted the seventh release candidate to be the last one. When he released RC7 on Friday, however, he made no mention of whether there would be an eighth RC before the final version of Linux 3.8.
As long as no more major problems arise, though, the Linux kernel 3.8 should still be released this month. This article on driver updates will therefore bring the "Coming in 3.8" Kernel Log mini-series to a close. The first two parts of the series focused on the changes that kernel developers made to filesystems and storage and the platform and infrastructure code for Linux 3.8.
In Linux 3.8, the Nouveau kernel driver will include everything that the OpenGL driver â which is part of current versions of Mesa 3D and is also called Nouveau â needs to use the 3D acceleration of all GeForce graphics chips available so far without further configuration. This is the first time that the Nouveau developers, who use reverse engineering to get the information they need to program their drivers, have managed this feat; before this, they were still lacking standard 3D support for some newer Fermi GPUs and the Kepler graphics chips, which have been on the market since March 2012 (1, 2, 3). For many computers, however, NVIDIA's proprietary graphics driver will still be a better choice, since Nouveau can't activate the faster operation modes for many of the newer GeForce chips, resulting in 3D performance that leaves something to be desired. There are also other issues, particularly when it comes to video acceleration and fan management support.
Version 3.8 of Linux is the first to include a simple kernel graphics driver for the graphics cores in NVIDIA's TegraÂ 2 and 3 SoCs (system on a chip) (1, 2, 3 and others). The driver is not from NVIDIA; it was developed mostly by a developer from the German company Avionic Design. The company works on embedded solutions in close cooperation with NVIDIA and programmed the driver independently, but with input from NVIDIA. Surprisingly, NVIDIA jumped into the development process, publishing extensions a few weeks ago that let the driver make the graphics cores' acceleration features available, but these improvements did not make it into 3.8. Userland drivers are still needed to use the acceleration functions, and NVIDIA has yet to give any indication that it is interested in releasing those drivers under an open source licence. Nouveau developer Lucas Stach shared background information on the Linux drivers for NVIDIA's Tegra in a presentation at FOSDEM 2013, a recording of which is available on YouTube.
The Radeon driver now allows more of the graphics cores' DMA engines, which have previously been largely ignored, to be used from userspace

---

o beFresh from its unveiling at the Paris Show, BMW’s latest G20-generation M340i looks to reassert Munich’s position as the driver’s choice in its class. In recent years that dominance has waned a little, but with a wider track, a lower centre of gravity, a chassis that’s 50 percent stiffer than before and a trick e-diff, the latest Three looks to be back and firing.
We’ve yet to get behind the wheel of the M340i xDrive range topper, but we’ve seen a few numbers and, well, we’ll leave it to you to decide if the car can punch its weight when faced with the Audi S4, the Mercedes-AMG C43 and a welter of other tasty rivals. So, without wishing to prejudice your decision in any way, here are the facts.
We’ll have pricing for you on the back of the car’s Los Angeles show reveal, so keep checking back. In the meantime, let us know which of these power-packed sedans gets your vote.

---

ceiling fan diagram wire ceiling fan no switch diagram ceiling fan wiring diagram uk ceiling fan connection diagram capacitors.
adhesive table cover marble contact paper roll vinyl contact paper marble table cover self adhesive covering vinyl adhesive table covers adhesive table top covers.
allium plants quick view opens a dialog a big.
carpet stretching san antonio carpet stretching carpet stretching.
night glow wall clocks glow wall clock in the dark clocks night for sale.
faux leather leggings target faux leather tummy control leggings.
acid wash patio acid stained patios best slate overlay acid stained patio of acid stained patios prettier acid wash stone patio acid wash new flagstone patio.
warehouse exterior lighting black outdoor light lighting emblem black inch outdoor wall light black exterior light warehouse builders warehouse outdoor lighting warehouse style outdoor lighting.

---

1. Changed by pressure so as to be no longer straight; crooked; as, a bent pin; a bent lever.
2. Strongly inclined toward something, so as to be resolved, determined, set, etc.; said of the mind, character, disposition, desires, etc, and used with on; as, to be bent on going to college; he is bent on mischief.
3. <botany> A reedlike grass of the genus Agrostis, especially. Agrostis vulgaris, or redtop. The name is also used of many other grasses, esp. In America.
4. <agriculture> Any neglected field or broken ground; a common; a moor. "Bowmen bickered upon the bent."
Origin: AS. Beonet; akin to OHG. Pinuz, G. Binse, rush, bent grass; of unknown origin.

---

With Mount Rainier only 25 miles to the southeast, Pierce County Airport-Thun Field (PLU) offers spectacular scenery from both the ground and the air.
PLU is a community general aviation airport, offering a paved lighted runway, inexpensive aviation fuel, and space and facilities for all types of aviation activities.
SpanaFlight provides webcam footage of the airport office facing the parking apron, fuel service area, and Mt. Rainier. Please note that the image does not automatically refresh.

---

Mississippi State won the Southeastern Conference regular-season title one year after finishing in the league basement.
Now the Bulldogs want to carry the momentum of that dramatic rise into the postseason.
Mississippi State (40-14-1, 21-9 SEC) enters this week's Southeastern Conference Tournament as the No. 1 seed after winning its first regular-season league title since 1989. The Bulldogs had gone 24-30 overall and 8-22 in conference play in 2015 to finish last in the Western Division and post the SEC's worst overall league record.
Bulldogs coach John Cohen, who played for Mississippi State's last SEC regular-season champions, said there isn't much of a gap separating the top of the conference from the bottom.
"If you're an inch off in the Southeastern Conference, you're going to get punched in the mouth a lot," Cohen said.
SEC Tournament play begins Tuesday in Hoover, Alabama. No. 6 seed Vanderbilt (41-15, 18-12) faces No. 11 seed Missouri (26-29, 9-21), No. 7 seed Mississippi (40-16, 18-12) meets No. 10 seed Georgia (27-29, 11-19), No. 8 seed Kentucky (32-24, 15-15) battles No. 9 seed Alabama (31-24, 15-15) and No. 5 seed LSU (39-17, 19-11) tackles No. 12 seed Tennessee (29-27, 9-21) in single-elimination games.
Tuesday's winners advance to double-elimination play beginning Wednesday along with Mississippi State, No. 2 seed South Carolina (42-13, 20-9), No. 3 seed Texas A&M (41-13, 20-10) and No. 4 seed Florida (44-11, 19-10). The tournament returns to a single-elimination format Saturday and has a championship game Sunday.
Mississippi State made its dramatic rise up the standings by getting improvement from its new players and receiving a huge impact from its newcomers. Mississippi State's three top batting averages are owned by freshman Jake Mangum (.427) and junior-college transfers Nathaniel Lowe (.359) and Jack Kruger (.358). Kruger has a team-high .570 slugging percentage, Mangum leads the Bulldogs in on-base percentage (.479) and Lowe has a team-leading 47 RBIs.
"Those are all three new guys who have just had great first years," Cohen said. "That's not common in the Southeastern Conference."
Cohen also led Kentucky to a regular-season title in 2006 and is the second coach to win an SEC regular-season championship at two different schools. Ron Polk led Mississippi State to four SEC regular-season championships before winning one at Georgia in 2001.
Here are some things to watch in the SEC tournament.
FIGHTING FOR POSITION: The top SEC teams already are assured of NCAA Tournament invitations but are trying to improve their positioning. Florida, Texas A&M, Mississippi State, South Carolina, Ole Miss, LSU and Vanderbilt all would like to be considered as regional hosts and/or national seeds.
BUBBLE BATTLE: Alabama coach Mitch Gaspard and Kentucky's Gary Henderson acknowledge their teams are on the NCAA Tournament bubble after going .500 in conference play during the regular season. The two teams face each other Tuesday. "You've got to win 

---

WBS: why is it important & why it is not important?
Can somebody post their view or opinion based on practice, why is it that WBS is not important or why is it that WBS is important in managing project?
I appreciate all ur input.
creating a wbs forces you to think about how you are going to dissect your project and organize your project into meaningful groups or packages of work.
It is a way to group your work so that people can understand the where's the what's and the how's you will approcah the work.
for example if you were looking for an activity in the 2rd floor of Building B and the activities were not group by building and floor it would be very hard to find.
Also by using a wbs you can collapse work and summarise work more easily.
I love a good WBS!
See below link to one of our newsletters.
I started using activity codes even before WBS functionality was available. And I still use them, precisely for purposes as you mentioned - eg filtering the plastering items etc. And since I started using these things from DOS days, I also make use of the characters in activity ID to represent various things. And as you correctly mentioned, it is also possible to get those functionalities from few characters in the activity description.
In fact, the best way to input your coded information is in the activity id. That way, the information is "in built" and cannot be changed easily.
All these things including searching and filtering (eg for filtering for certain characters in activity id or description) work well when everybody is disciplined in naming and coding. And as long as one person is doing all these things, everything works perfectly well for him (as it does for me and you). But when you are integrating programmes from various contractors, it is not easy to excecise those rules with planners from various firms.
WBS concept is as old as project management but its functionality appeared relatively late. Even in P3 3.1, WBS is still optional function that appears the same way as acivity codes. And some people still dont use it because 1) it is optional 2) activity codes seem to do the same job and 3) they are more used to activity codes. But even in P3 3.0, WBS code can do things which activity codes cant.
For example, you can have WBS activity and it does not need any links as in hammock activities. And this WBS activity can summarise all the activities which have the same WBS code. When you need a high level programme that shows bars in the same line as activity description (activity code roll up bar appears one line below), you can just filter for WBS activities and you get very good presentation. And the list goes on.
And when you start using P3e, WBS is no more optional and it appears more different than activity codes and thus makes it more apparent. But activity code has more functionality in new programmes as well as you can have second level of codes within same acitity code. And these lower levels of codes work exactly the same way as W

---

Work 1: “Sunspot”, Sun and Reflection project in the main atrium’s roof light.
The atrium is the school’s central space,- a “maelstrom” of pupils that move around and up and down the various floors. The space is experienced as living and varied because of the changes in daylight and the seasons. “Sunspot” is a shape on the glass roof, inspired by gas explosions, and placed according to calculations of the sun’s movement. When the sun is shining, the spot will spiral down in the rotunda, all the way to the ground floor floor and then spiral back up again(in relation to the path of the sun).
It contributes to visualising the movement in this space, but at a completely different pace to the other users. Each day it with be slightly different from the preceding one.
The title of this project was originally its working title, but I decided to keep it. It is slightly humoristic and a bit pedagogical since what one sees through these objects is like being on the inside of a pair of eyes. One gets association of entering the mouth of a large fish or whale.
The work is made up of a Fresnel lens on the outside(towards the outside) making the world turn upside-down or distort faces close-up. A mirrored tube runs through the wall and that distorts even more, and on the inner walls are large circular surfaces that have ‘running’ lights around the edge and a changing circle of colour like an iris. On the inside there are also lenticular films that diffuse the view depending on how one moves through the vestibule.
LED-programming and technology delivered by Jarle Henriksen.

---

Traveling through Virginia to visit a close friend and family, I parked my car in Richmond. I heard of a great southern tradition that sounded delicious. I had to give it a try before venturing off on the road again to my next destination. Sally Bells Kitchen, opened 90 years ago in 1924. The establishment was founded by Sarah Cabell Jones and a business partner. Sarah and partner met at the Women’s Exchange, a former nationwide movement, intended to teach women skills and financial independence.
Sally Bells Kitchen is known for their delicious boxed lunches. Items such as potato salad, chicken salad, tuna salad, deviled eggs, cheese wafers and an array of cup cakes are made fresh from scratch daily. They sell thousands of sandwiches, cupcakes and hundreds of pounds of salads each year. This establishment is very welcoming, friendly and certainly has southern charm. The staff is just wonderful!

---

The OTR 1840 is a CWDM Fiber Optic to SDI transmitter and receiver combined in a compact self contained package. It is a convenient and cost effective solution to combat the restrictions involved with the distribution of uncompressed broadcast quality video signals over long distances.
Each OTR 1840 CWDM tranceiver has an independant transmitter and receiver channel, which provides an effective solution for any SDI signal up to 1080p60 (3Gbit/s) while preserving full uncompressed quality. Select from 18 transmitter wavelengths for full CWDM compatibility (ITU-T G.694.2).
The OTR 1840 will auto-detect and re-clock any 270Mbit / 1.5Gbit and 3Gbit SDI source prior to conversion. The module is fully compatible with 3Gbit Level A and Level B formats.

---

T he popular YouTuber Lilly Singh who is more prominent as Superwoman is genuinely making marks. Apart from all the social work and impressive collaborations, Lilly has now released a music video. Although nobody was quite expecting it from her, the rap song is definitely on fire. But what makes this song grab attention worldwide is that she brought into light what Bollywood songs would look like if they were turned into a woke rap.
Choosing three songs from the industry, Superwoman gave them a whole new meaning and added her unique beats alongside it. Needless to say, this version highlights the blatant misogyny in the Bollywood music industry.
The internet just can not seem to get enough of Superwoman’s empowering reinterpretation of their favorite Bollywood songs. The YouTuber released her own music video titled If Bollywood Songs Were Rap, with a compilation of three different hit songs. However, she added her own touch to it, and did not just translate the lyrics. There is much more to hear as Lilly has touched upon topics like unrealistic beauty standards of women, mental health issues, bisexuality and so much more.
Lilly Singh has chosen three hit songs including Choli Ke Peeche Kya Hai, All Izz Well and Aankh Marey. Apparently, her new rap version is everything that Bollywood never tells you about. Or everything that the entertainment industry gets wrong about women. Superwoman has smashed stereotypes with this new touch. Plus, she completely slayed the rap game.
While sharing the song, Lilly claimed that she loves Bollywood and rap music. So, she decided to make an impact by turning her favorite ones into rap. But she wanted to do more so she added positive and empowering messages into them.
Lilly Singh aka Superwoman is a very popular YouTuber who has a massive following on the platform. She has ventured into various fields doing comic sketched, impressive collaborations including ones with Dwayne Johnson and Priyanka Chopra, and music videos. Apart from doing social work, she is now heading into Hollywood by getting her own late night show.

---

Geweldige plek in een geweldige locatie!
Are there any golf courses near by? And what are they called?
Cuanto cuest una habitacion doble por dos noches?

---

It is a beautiful home. A rose blooms in my garden now.
Thank you! I thought so, my Dad cooks with it.
Do you cook the curry for how many people?

---

Emergency situations at petrol filling stations are not so uncommon. And for that reason, motorists need to maintain their situational awareness using Think 6, Look 6 whenever they stop to refuel.
Below are just four recent examples of fires, explosions or spills which occurred at gasoline stations over the last few weeks. These nicely make the point that drivers need to be ever-vigilent for danger - particularly where hazardous substances are present.
+ The first example occured on August 19 at a petrol station in St. Augustine, Florida. A tanker truck was delivering 8,800 gallons of gasoline, when fuel overflowed and spilled to the ground before exploding. The driver of the tanker truck was seriously burned.
+ The second example happened on the 1st October when a fire broke out at the BP Garage on the A120 in Bradwell (UK) and completely destroyed the petrol station.
+ The third example occurred when a man fleeing from police crashed into a Chevron Petrol Station in Davie, Florida on 6th October. The crash led to an explosion which destroyed petrol pumps and three vehicles.
+ And in the most recent example, a driver cashed her car into a Route 18 gas station in Bridgewater (MA), severing the pump and causing a small amount of gas to spew from the ground. According to local police, the driver lost control of her vehicle because of wet conditions.
The National Academy of Engineering and the US National Research Council have released the interim report of the Committee on the Analysis of Causes of the Deepwater Horizon Explosion, Fire and Oil Spill.
The report includes preliminary findings and observations on various actions and decisions including well design, cementing operations, well monitoring and control actions, management oversight and general regulation.
The interim report is available by clicking here.
The commitee's final report is due for publication in June 2011.

---

Join us for crafts, egg hunt, music, candy, Bible Story, a snack and the Easter Bunny!
Celebrate the resurrection of Jesus with us at BOHBC!
Women of Joy, Pigeon Forge TN.
A fun event for kids ages 3 yr old through 5th grade, while parents enjoy a night out! Click here to register.
Youth Sunday! The service will be led by the youth. Also there will be lunch to follow of all youth and their immediate families. Click here to register.

---

Pensive CD - Deirdre Faith - Wishlist.
I love the band Pensive...this is their merch buying center. I like their CD's though.

---

Sometimes when I’m out at a bar I’ll order a whiskey sour, and I’m usually disappointed because despite the name, it’s not sour at all. Depending on the bar, it’s actually pretty sweet. So I’ll warn you right off the bat that my version of this drink actually lives up to the name. If you don’t like your drinks sour, just add some simple syrup to taste to sweeten it up. It’s a straightforward drink, but the blood orange adds a fun (and colorful!) twist. Blood oranges are only available for a couple of months, though, so get ’em while you can. If you miss the availability window, just substitute regular orange juice.
Add blood orange, lime juice, and rum to a glass with 3 ice cubes, stir to mix. Add simple syrup to taste.
These look (& sound amazing!) Pinning them to try…off to find some blood oranges!
Tammy, good luck finding the blood oranges! I’ve seen them at Trader Joes and Whole Foods lately.
Interesting. A sour with rum… I love the idea. Sounds dangerous though… rum goes down a little too easy.

---

PH21 Gallery as a new contemporary photography exhibition space was established in the Szkene Theatre at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics. The mission of the gallery is to provide group and solo exhibition opportunities for contemporary photographers. To this end we invite emerging and established photographers to participate in our regular calls for entries for solo and themed group exibitions.
Ph21 Gallery archives all photography exhibitions, allowing us to promote our exhibiting photographers to curators, collectors, and the viewing public.

---

Enjoy your family. Enjoy your friends.
Make lots of special memories.

---

I found that more often than not, I wanted to put my development environment inside of Docker, not just my running code. My editor has plugins that help me browse documentation and check my syntax, but none of that works without installing additional stuff, and Docker has made me quite averse to installing anything on my host system.
So, I started stringing together Docker commands to do what I wanted, and I grew frustrated at all the copy/paste, and thought: There’s gotta be a better way.
If you’re interested in how it does this, see the nitty gritty details.
Go to the releases page.
Make sure it’s executable and in your path.
--type go - select the default version (1.6) of the pre-configured Go image.
--type python --version 2.7 - select the 2.7 version of the pre-configure Python image.
Currently, go, clojure, and python are baked in. More will come.
create - Creates an environment.
connect - Connect to an environment.
destroy - Destroys an environment and its home directory.
rebuild - Rebuilds an environment, preserving the environment’s home directory.
run - Creates an environment and immediately connects to it.
start - Starts an environment.
stop - Stops an environment.
inspect - Shows details about an environment as a JSON dump.
list - Lists existing environments.
images - Lists base images or user specific images.
Ensure that the skegio/python:3.5 image is pulled.
Ensure that the skeg ssh key is present. If not, one is generated.
Build an image based on skegio/python:3.5 which includes a user matching the host user.
Start a container running sshd that mounts ~/skegs/myapp in as the user’s home directory and the current directory in as a subdirectory.
Do I have to use one of the pre-configured images?
Not at all. You can create your own image and use it by specifying the -i flag to skeg create or skeg run. For now, your image needs to be based on skegio/base (like nate/aws), but that will change as skeg gets more sophisticated.
Why does skeg run the container as a long running process and connect over SSH rather than only for the lifetime of a process?
Development environments live longer than a single process, and they often involve many processes. Juggling these processes within an SSH session is a well understood problem with great solutions (like tmux), so for familiarity skeg takes the same approach.
Also, there are many times where additional software needs to be installed and daemons run to try something out. A long running container is perfect for these situations. Skeg offers a rebuild command, which will destroy and create the docker container with the same environment home directory, making it easy to reset back to a known state.

---

​From left (back row) - Joshua Jones (captain) , Jada Jones, Iz Hustler, Christian Mason, Alyssa Inniss-Gittens, Christopher Cobley.
Four newcomers are in the Barbados team for the 2016 Caribbean Junior Golf Championships which tee-off on Tuesday morning at the Barbados Golf Club.
They include Jada Jones and Leiann Bynoe, who will play in the girls' 16-17 division, and boys Quinton Heljenek and Dominic Jordan in the boys' 11-13 division.
Other members of the 13-member team have all represented the island before in various Caribbean tournaments and will be looking to perform well at home in the three-day tournament.
Team captain Joshua Jones Jones said leading the team will be a new experience for him but he is hoping that playing on a course they know well will help them to stave off some stern competition expected from players from eight other Caribbean territories.
“ It is going to be a tough tournament but hopefully we can win. We are playing at home so most of the players know the course holes and we have been preparing ... so hopefully we do well,” Jones said.
Players from Jamaica, the Dominican Republic, the Cayman Islands , Puerto Rico, Trinidad and Tobago, the Bahamas, the USVI , Turks & Caicos and host country Barbados are contesting the championships over 54 holes.
The official opening ceremony and flag-raising event was scheduled for Monday afternoon at the Barbados Beach Club, the hosting hotel for players.
The Barbados Team for the 2016 Caribbean Junior Golf Championships include : Emily Odwin and Eryn Blakeley (Girls 11-13); Alyssa Inniss-Gittens (14-15); Jada Jones and Leiann Bynoe (16-17).
Boys: Quinton Heljenek and Dominic Jordan (11-13); Iz Hustler, Xzavier Wiggins and Oaziah Layne (14-15); Joshua Jones (captain), Chris Cobley and Christian Mason (16-17).

---

Many schools, nurseries and public play-areas in Ackton WF7 6 have thermoplastic play area markings applied to the play surface to create a fun and stimulating environment where children can play educational games and develop their social skills with others. These come in a range of graphics, designs and colours that fit your specific needs.
As an alternative to the traditional playground paint applications, thermoplastic markings are applied using plastic cut out shapes which are then heated and melt onto the existing macadam surface of the playarea. This method leaves a durable and brightly coloured graphic design which is long lasting and does not fade easily like normal surface paint. We often complete playground relining in Ackton with coloured designs to replace existing markings which have faded or become unsuitable. Lots of schools have had painted playground designs relined in thermoplastic as it gives a more vibrant colour and is longer lasting.
The thermoplastic play surface applications are extremely durable and have an extensive product life so the children can enjoy an exciting and fun recreational facility for a long time. Playground markings removal in Ackton is another service that we offer to get rid of any old markings which have lost their use or need replacing. This is done through a specialist cleaning process and a new application of markings can be added afterwards if required. Depending on your current situation, we are able to provide the essential services to ensure you recieve the best product outcome. We are able to help you choose the best graphic designs for your playarea depending on what your organisation is looking for.
If you have any enquiries or questions regarding thermoplastic playarea markings in Ackton WF7 6 , feel free to fill out the contact form. A member of our team will be happy to help answer your questions.

---

SCU Middletown makes it easy for you to get a quote online. Find the quote you're interested in, and click the link to get started. It's that easy!

---

Whether it's because I've experienced a natural disaster or because I spent some of my formative years in the Boy Scouts I'm not sure, but events half a world away this week have re-enforced the notion that it's good to "be prepared". When we started using Trello for our product backlog earlier this year , I thought it was probably overkill trying to get an automated backup of our data, since it was being operated by Fog Creek who have a great reputation in the industry, but I ploughed on regardless and yesterday that preparation paid off.
We normally use Trello during our Sprint Review to recap user stories and acceptance criteria and one such meeting occurred at the same time Fog Creek were valiantly trying to keep the service going as New York was battered by Hurricane Sandy. Normally this wouldn't have mattered as we keep paper copies on our scrum board, but for the first time in 13 sprints we were doing our review in Auckland, so these weren't much use.
So there we were, mid review, far from home, no story cards, and Trello is going up and down like a whores draws. Compared to what the poor people in the NE United States were going through this was obviously not a big deal, but with a little bit of contingency planning it was a trivial task to fire up Google Drive, open our Trello backup spreadsheet and continue with our review.
This outage and the ongoing benefit we get from being able to print story cards from the backup spreadsheet means that it has totally repaid the time I spent writing the script - if you're using Trello for user stories, and you haven't done so already then go set the script up now - there's nothing to lose and everything to gain.
It's also a timely reminder to look at all your digital data and think about what would happen if you didn't have access to it, or worse still, lost it permenantly. If your house burned down by a fire, would you lose all the photos of your kids? If your favourite web service went under (financially rather literally) and took your data with them, then what would the impact be?
It doesn't take much to get yourself in good shape - get a good automated offsite backup (I use Crashplan) to handle your files, and periodically back up your online data to another service, or even to a local PC and you should be good to go.
Oh, and if you happen to live in the pacific ring of fire, tornado alley, somewhere hot and dry, or indeed anywhere on our rapidly warming planet that has "weather" you might want to generally be prepared so that in any eventuality, you manage to Get Thru.

---

Achetez la dernière collection de Gta avant qu' elle ne soit vendue! GTA : Vice City Stories - Cheat Codes pour PSP • Gauche + Droite + Croix + Haut + Bas + Carré + Gauche + Droite Armes Partie 1 ( Poing Américain Rifle, 9mm, Molotov, Couteau, SMG AK). 35 Custom bêta 2 - Un nouveau Custom Firmware pour les PSP flashables Le firmware 2. Gta vcs cheats for psp go.
For Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories on the PSP GameFAQs has 76 cheat codes secrets. Les codes suivants s' effectuent pendant le cours du jeu. To get GTA working in remotejoylite enter the settings menu and enable vblank. Toutes les voitures noires. This page contains a list of cheats other secrets for Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories for PlayStation , tips, Easter eggs, codes Theft Auto: Vice City Stories ( PSP) Cheats.
Jogos de PS2 Ripados " Pra quem não sabe quando o jogo é gravado em disco " ele necessita de um arquivo chamado menklaarkomen multiplayer cheats , it comes with a ton of pedestrian, like other titles in the series, nu mogelijk via de webcam en andere , Theft Auto returns with Vice City Stories , weather more to take advantage of. Le message ' Code activé' confirme la manipulation.
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories cheats Theft Auto V ( GTA V) : 35, Glitchs, Tips, Unlockables, Codes for , Passwords, Codes 2 millions d' exemplaires écoulés dans le monde 6. Their is no audio because i used remotejoylite to stream the video to my computer and then used fraps to record it.
Astuces PSP Codes de véhicules. 35 ne corrige pas this video I will show you all the codes / cheats for the game " Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories" ( GTA VCS). The codes have the exact same button combination on PS2 and us vous présentons sur cette page la liste des Cheats Codes de “ Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories” Attention sachez qu’ il ne faut pas sauvegarder votre partie si vous faite des codes!
Крупнейший в России сайт по серии Grand Theft Auto и похожим играм. Всё о GTAV, Watch_ Dogs, GTA4, San Andreas, Vice City, GTA3, Vice City Stories, Liberty City Stories, Chinatown Wars, Mafia, L. Noire и Red Dead Redemption. Video Games Questions including " If playing a game of ' 21' using 2 pointers and 3 pointers do you go back to 11 points if you have 19 and make a 3 pointer" and " Does Geforce4 mx420 have or or New Delhi Television Limited 402, Archana, B - Block Road,.
IGCD Tests [ Add a Test] The average are only displayed when the number of votes has reached 3. The PlayStation 2 ( PS2) is a home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer is the successor to the original PlayStation console and is the second iteration in the PlayStation lineup of consoles.
It was released in and competed with Sega' s Dreamcast, Nintendo' s GameCube and Microsoft' s Xbox in the sixth generation of video game consoles. Duisburg - Germany.

---

” It may seem surreal, but as work continues to decommission damaged reactors at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant–a project that involves 7,000 or so workers–tours of the complex by outsiders are becoming increasingly popular.
By the end of last September, or four-and-a-half years since the nuclear accident triggered by the March 11, 2011, earthquake and tsunami disaster, some 16,000 people had visited.
Initially, visitors to the stricken facility were mainly politicians and specialists. But more recently, ordinary citizens are taking part as radiation levels have fallen at the plant site.
Nineteen university students took a tour last November. The bus they rode took them past large tanks holding contaminated water as well as a massive piece of equipment attached to a reactor building to extract nuclear fuel. Throughout the visit, workers wearing protective clothing and face masks could be seen.
The tour was organized by a group called AFW, which stands for Appreciate Fukushima Workers. Led by Akihiro Yoshikawa, 35, a former employee of Tokyo Electric Power Co., operator of the stricken plant, the group began escorting tours by residents living along the Pacific coast of Fukushima Prefecture from 2015. A major objective of the tours is to show residents what decommissioning involves.
“If ordinary citizens abandon interest, the plant site will be further shut off from the rest of the world,” Yoshikawa said.
He said that 140 or so people had participated in the seven tours organized to date.
Iwaki resident Kaori Suganami, 39, took part in a tour last June.
Because of the core meltdowns at the No. 1 to No. 3 reactors, high levels of radiation continue to be emitted. This makes it very difficult to approach those three reactors.
Elsewhere, though, rubble that was strewn throughout the plant grounds due to the tsunami generated by the magnitude-9.0 Great East Japan Earthquake has been removed, and radiation levels in many areas have dropped significantly. Ground surfaces have been paved and trees felled, which has also helped lower radiation levels.
According to TEPCO, about 900 people visited in the first year after the nuclear accident. Since then, the annual number of visitors has continued to increase. Local residents joining the tours also grew in number. About 3,700 people visited the plant in the first half of fiscal 2015. Of that number, about 250 were from Fukushima Prefecture.
Unlike workers at the plant site, visitors are not required to wear heavy protective gear. The basic getup is cotton gloves, disposable face masks and special footwear. Visitors are required to carry dosimeters. To reduce radiation exposure, visitors remain on the bus for large parts of the tour. Radiation exposure after an hour is in the range of 10 microsieverts, which is about 1 percent of the maximum additional radiation exposure of 1 millisievert established for the general population.
In April 2014, TEPCO established a visitation center at the Fukushima pl

---

These houses available for you right here and no one else in be able to provide you with them that have been confidently built by the best Home Builders in Wichita. You do not want to see some sort enroll in some analysis services to find all information that you possibly can by logging on to our website is Google canonical compliant over at https://hhhomebuilders.com/ and also like to build to speak to a professional H&H Home Builders representative that is going to be able to not only expedite your inquiry but see all the things that you need now throughout this process that I highly encourage you to be able to give us a phone call today toll-free at (316) 201-6522.
Since 2000 for we really have been able to innovate in our industry which is exactly why we want to be able to provide you with the services because we don’t see anyone else doing the things we been able to accomplish. The market has spoken and they love exactly what we had offer which is exactly why we have been in business since 2004 and will be in business until 2040. This is one of opportunity for anyone looking for the greatest Home Builders in Wichita and this is the one stop shop to be able to find them because no one else to be able to provide you the services like these.
Home Builders in Wichita can be hard to come by whenever you’re looking average companies with don’t look to an average company were to the ones that are industry leaders like us. Our builders are top-of-the-line and whenever you go somewhere else maybe selling yourself and your dollar short to me she find all information you can about all the amazing things that were to be able to do for you and see all the amazing things that we been able to do for other people as well is that is something else the want to be able to look at is the satisfactory rate from people who have bought homes from others before and see exactly how they feel years later of the process.
If you’re looking for a smooth and supple process that this is the perfect time to be able to enroll in our services is not only a to be able to get fast quote the phenomenal for plans you also to be able to discover answers for communities that really do provide you with a sense of being home. You want to be able to fill a home in your house submission that we can dress everything that we possibly can to help you with this process.
The incredible homes that Home Builders in Wichita have been able to cultivate are second to none and you deftly want to be able to get in on the action. The action is available for you from the H&H Home Builders there really has been able to innovate in industry. If you want to be able to find out more information on them that I highly encourage you to log on to https://hhhomebuilders.com/ we build to see all the amazing accomplishments and see what they’re going to be able to do for you. If you also like to be able to discover where to go for services like these the make city give us a phone call at your earliest conveni

---

Selling a property on Sunrise?
Viewing highly recommended of this ground floor Southeast facing apartment. It is being offered for sale fully furnished and the new owner will have access to all the facilities in this 4 star rated aparthotel including lobby bar, restaurant, spa centre, swimming pool, gym, steam bath , sauna etc. The aparthotel is situated 300 metres from the gondola and free shuttle bus is provided. The property is a large 2 bed but has an open wall for the second bedroom. This can easily be closed off to make 2 complete bedrooms.
Sunrise is a beautiful & luxurious apart-hotel located just 300m from the Ski lift in Bansko. The development comprises studios, 1 & 2 beds built and finished to a decent standard. The real benefit is the myriad of facilities on site includes indoor heated pool, full spa centre, restaurant and much more.

---

Science experiment: Try taking a deep breath through an average soda straw. Not too easy is it? This is basically what your SS has to accomplish with it's stock intake system. Now take a deep breath without that straw in your mouth (for those of you that live in a smog-choked area like Los Angeles or New York City, the State of California wants you to know that this action might be harmful to your health). If you live in a clean area of your state or country, you should feel heartily refreshed afterwards. This is how your SS will feel after you chop the stock intake system and add a new system to help it breath easier.
There are many alternatives to get more outside air into your motor, as it is optimal to duct in cooler, more oxygen-rich fresh air, rather than drawing hot oxygen-poor air from the engine compartment with an open-element air cleaner. One in particular that will use a minimum of duct work to direct airflow, is to install a cowl induction or ram-air hood so the engine can draw air directly from the outside of the engine compartment. An added benefit of an induction hood (be it "ram-air" style, cowl induction style, or via a hood scoop) is that as you drive faster, more air is pressurized in the intake tract, thereby "force feeding" your motor an additional charge of air, proportional to the amount of air the engine needs. Plus an induction hood just has that timeless hotrod appeal that oozes with coolness.
For this buildup, I chose a cowl induction hood, to give my 454SS a look that dates back to it's muscle car heritage in the SS Camaros, Chevelles, and the like, and to keep it smooth and clean. Some other hotrodders might prefer a later-model Camaro-style ram-air hood. Others might find they need a hood scoop to clear some air cleaner assemblies. It is nothing more than the preference of the buyer.
One consideration that is not simply preference is hood material. Realistic, affordable hoods are made out of two materials: steel or fiberglass. Steel hoods are typically more rigid and heavier than glass hoods, and most are a direct bolt-on for the stock hood. Steel hoods also do not require retaining pins on the front of the hood in most instances. There is some variance of quality but most steel hoods are of good to excellent quality, and your body man is probably better suited to work with steel than glass. On the other hand, fiberglass does not rust. Fiberglass does not dent. You can pick up a fiberglass hood (even a superb quality hood). By yourself. A good quality bolt-on glass hood also does not need hood pins to keep it retained. A great quality glass hood costs about the same or less than a steel hood, and due to the lighter weight, costs less to ship. Glass is my choice. Our options- and metal-laden 4800 pound (most of which is in the front) 454SS's need all the weight reduction they can get. Choose your material. Goodmark makes some of the best steel cowl hoods at glass-competitive prices which feature a 2" rise, cowl scree

---

J Health Polit Policy Law (2003) 28 (5): 859-882.
Home care services funded by Medicare and Medicaid grew rapidly throughout most of the 1990s. During this period some state Medicaid programs transferred costs for home care claims to the Medicare program to reduce their liability and increase beneficiary access to Medicare coverage. This article reports the findings of the first national study of these Medicare maximization billing practices for home care services. Primary data were collected to determine which states conduct retrospective Medicare billing practices and the amounts recovered from Medicare. Our analysis indicates that seven states recovered as much as $265 million from Medicare in state and federal dollars during the 1990s. Ratios of recovered expenditures-to-costs incurred for retrospective billing practices conducted in Connecticut, New York, and Massachusetts are between 5:1 and 7:1. While retrospective billing practices may aid states in reducing Medicaid outlays and potentially help dual Medicare beneficiaries gain coverage for their home care claims, they increase Medicare expenditures for home care at a time of concern for the long-term financial viability of Medicare and illustrate the need for reforming our national long-term care financing policy.

---

Sign up to Lineout to stay up to date with all of the latest RUPA news / Thanks for subscribing!
With Rugby World Cup (“RWC”) underway the eyes of the world are on our sport. One of the most topical debates across all contact sports is the issue of concussion management.
All stakeholders will be looking forward to a RWC in which players, medical personnel and team support staff play their part in managing this important aspect of player welfare. Rugby is making significant progress in the detection and management of concussion and it will be important that other professional rugby competitions move to adopt the standards set for RWC 2015. Rugby should not see the management of concussion as a risk at RWC, but an opportunity to demonstrate how far the game has come in recent times.
The International Rugby Players Association (“IRPA”) is constantly thinking about what more can be done to further improve the games ability to manage the issues associated with concussion.
Effective from 1st August 2015 after a successful global trial period at elite level, World Rugby has now formally introduced a temporary substitution rule. This applies to any player who is removed from the field of play to undertake a Head Injury Assessment (HIA) when it is unclear if that player has a suspected concussion.
Having the ability to remove a player from the action and from the cauldron of a packed stadium, to undertake a thorough clinical assessment and video review of an incident, in a private controlled environment, makes good practical sense. Previously players in this situation would often go untreated, or be checked over briefly on field using questionable methods.
World Rugby and other key stakeholders are leading a real culture shift amongst professional players, coaches and medical personnel in relation to peer pressure to play. Recent statistics back this up. Research has underpinned the HIA process throughout. Prior to the temporary substitution trial, 56 per cent of players with a confirmed concussion remained on the field following their injury. Now that figure is less than 12 per cent (British Journal of Sports Medicine, 2014) and the hope is that following continued refinement of the HIA process we will see further improvement in 2015 and beyond.
A key point lost on many but one that IRPA believes is fundamental to a conservative management approach is that a player is now removed once the attending medics confirm a diagnosis of suspected concussion. This takes the pressure off trying to make a definitive diagnosis of concussion during a high-pressured game. That does mean players will be removed who have not suffered a concussion, but better the conservative approach.
Thankfully the message is getting through and along with World Rugby’s #RecogniseAndRemove campaign, the games stakeholders are realising that it is not just the player’s responsibility but its coaches, referees, and team support staffs obligation to step in if they suspect a concussion has

---

The new level pack for Dummy Defense has been released. Instruments of Death features over 30 levels of completely new and unique puzzles. Protect Melvin as he faces off against weapons of the past, the present, and the future.
Get it now for the iPhoneÂ and for Android.
All of my games are written in mostly C++ with a little Objective C. I do most of my coding in Visual Studio, but then Xcode for integrating with the iPhone and Eclipse for integrating with Android.
You should already have it, if you got Dummy Defense from Google Play.

---

The Cabot is back. A North Shore treasure, the 1920 historic theater was closed and its future unknown until a group of local visionaries found a way to purchase the building and revive performances in 2014.
The initiative to save the theater, and initial performances and events, enjoyed widespread and enthusiastic community support. Under the leadership of a new executive director and dedicated Board, much-needed improvements to the physical structure and expanding organizational capacity began.
In order to fully realize the potential of this extraordinary moment in time, The Cabot needed new visual and verbal tools that reflected its promise in image and action and could be used to create alignment around a shared vision for the future, address the immediate development need and, critically, create momentum and energy to meet its fundraising goals.
Minelli, Inc. worked with key stakeholders and leaders to articulate a strong brand and bring that brand to life, highlighting the Cabot Theater’s timeless beauty and transcendent experiences that evoke the power of memory, creating food for the soul and nourishment for the future.

---

You are buying one beautiful piece of Manzanita driftwood averaging 7 to 10 inches long by 2 " to 3" wide (as seen in the picture) with a full Anubias coffeefolia grown on it. The Anubias Coffeefolia will have 5 or more leaves.
Anubias barteri var. coffeefolia is a low cultivar of Anubias barteri. Its characteristic is that the leaves arch considerably between the leaf ribs, and the new leaves are red-brown. The color combination and leaf shape make it an attractive variety in both large and small aquariums. It flowers frequently under water but does not produce seeds.
Anubias barteri var. coffeefolia is not eaten by herbivorous fish.
I have a few of these available so you are not buying the exact piece shown in the picture but all the pieces will look just as good if not better than the one pictured.

---

The Western Shoshone call themselves Newe, “The People,” and they refer to their ancestral lands as Newe Sogobia, “The People’s Land.” After living on these lands for thousands of years, the Newe have spent the last 400 defending them from invasion and environmental destruction. Today, the U.S. government occupies much of the Newe Sogobia, using it as a domestic nuclear war zone. The Nevada Test Site was illegally seized from the tribe in the 1940s to use for nuclear weapons testing and as a dump for highly radioactive nuclear waste. Releases of radiation from the detonation of over 1000 nuclear weapons above and below the ground have resulted in cancer clusters and contamination in the communities downwind of the site – and beyond. Newe homelands have been turned into a National Sacrifice Area, or permanently poisoned lands. The latest threat to the Newe is the planned nuclear waste dump at Yucca Mountain located within the Nevada Test Site. The repository will accept over 75,000 tons of fuel rods and other high-level waste across roads and rails from 39 states and place it in a giant hole in the earth found to be seismically unstable and in contact with ground water. Plutonium, the most deadly man-made substance on earth, has a radioactive half-life of 250,000 years, and its nearby storage portends an unparalleled toxic peril for the next 12,000 generations living in the region.
Wherever Corbin Harney raises his voice, be it in song, in prayer, or in speech, be it at his homeland, at the UN, or in faraway Kazakhstan, his message is informed with the calm authority imbued him by the earth. In 1994, Corbin Harney founded the Shundahai Network (Shundahai is the Newe word for “peace and harmony with all creation”), a non-profit organization dedicated to breaking the nuclear chain by building alliances with indigenous communities and environmental, peace and human rights movements. They seek to abolish all nuclear weapons and end all nuclear testing, advocate phasing out nuclear energy and ending the transportation and dumping of nuclear waste, and promote the principles of Environmental Justice. Their campaigns and events incorporate the values of community building, education, spiritual ceremonies and nonviolent direct action.
I ask for moisture to fall upon us so the grass will start to grow.
what we humans tramp down.
we tramp it down so it’s flat on the ground.
together we have to ask for the rain to come down, so the grass will continue to grow.
Corbin Harney’s spiritual strength has become a fountainhead of inspiration for environmental activists around the world. His solution to end the Nuclear Age: we must live in vital, spiritual connection with the earth!

---

Anyone who has done a quick search on what to see in Norway certainly came across Preikestolen. It is one of the most popular hikes in the whole country. Not everyone experiences it the same way, however. Outdoor Life Norway is a guided service that offers guests a chance to see Pulpit Rock like most will never experience. The sunrise hike is an amazing way to up your chances of getting those stunning views without the crowds. If you truly want an original experience, though, go with their "Off the beaten track" tour. This hike begins with canoeing across a glacial lake to a long forgotten trail. Traverse the trail through multiple altitudinal zones and scramble up to the top of the fjord. There you can hike along until you reach your destination, a beautiful view of Preikestolen! There you can enjoy your view that majority of the hikers are missing. From there you will travel down to Pulpit Rock itself for some more photos. The trip down follows the more popular marked trail. If you are lucky enough, you may run into some of the Sherpas that have built the trails! If you're looking for more tours to fill up time in Norway, Outdoor Life Norway offers many guided services year round.
The land of fire and ice is an outdoor enthusiasts playground. Scuba diving in Silfra had been on my bucket list for years. It was a massive influence for me to get my PADI Open Water certification. Once I got my certification I remember my instructor asking me where I would go now that I could explore underwater paradises. I excitedly announced I'd be going to Iceland. He did not seem amused. "Don't you want to start somewhere... warmer?" I brushed off his remark as quickly as I whisked off my hood and booties. I had my mind made up. Silfra was my white whale and I finally had it in my headlights. When everything was booked, I was struck with panic. For years I had dreamed of Silfra, a place where you could swim between the North American and Eurasian continental plates. Would it be as spectacular as I had made it out to be?? Oh yes it was. The crystal clear glacial water is nearly ice cold and is filtered through lava creating over 300ft of visability. This quality of water means you can sip it while you're diving. It doesn't get fresher than that. Being able to say i've touched both continental plates at the same time in the only place in the world where you can dive directly in continental plate cracks is certainly bragging rights. I thought that would be the highlight of my cold swim in Silfra, but once I was in the water I forgot about the location. The dive was beyone beautiful with such distinct geographical features. The colors were jaw dropping. Though the dive itself was short, it's a dive that I could do over and over again. For those not scuba certified, many tour companies offer snorkeling excursions as well. Dive. Is. offers guests either option with photo services.
If you asked a stranger what came to mind when they thought of Iceland, volcanoes would 

---

Donate to Stanmore Public School's Building Fund before June 30 and claim a deduction when submitting your tax return for this financial year.
Our Building Fund is a great opportunity to actively participate in the growth of your children’s school. The Building Fund operates on a non-profit basis and is a Deductible Gift Recipient (DGR) as defined by the ATO. Therefore any donation over $2.00 to the building fund is tax deductible.
The use of the school building fund is solely for providing money to acquire, construct or maintain the school buildings for the purposes of using that building as a school. An example of this would be the funding of the Kitchen for the SAKG program. A school building fund cannot provide funds for a non-school building, the non-school use of a school building or other facilities that are not buildings.
Note: This information does not constitute financial advice. If you have any questions about the tax benefits you should seek your own independent advice.
Please provide your personal details for the tax receipt.
Please fill in your city or suburb.
Note: A PayPal transaction fee of 2.6% + $0.30 is added to each donation to cover our costs.
Card transactions are processed securely via PayPal.
No PayPal account is required. Just select "Pay with Debit or Credit Card" on the PayPal page.

---

The latest in Jazz North East’s series of Schmazz gigs at the Jazz Café featured British guitarists Mike Walker and Stuart McCallum. All seats in the upstairs room were taken (two of the north east’s finest six-stringers bagged prime seats) and the stage resembled the guitar section of your local musical instrument store. The Greater Manchester-based duo settled down to play the first of two mainly acoustic sets in a setting Walker later described as having ‘a good vibe’.
The material consisted of original compositions (a Schmazz prerequisite) and one or two standards. The opening number had an Americana feel to it, so it came as no surprise to learn it was Bill Frisell’s Where Do We Go? Walker, a man with an impressive cv – the big bands of Mike Gibbs and Kenny Wheeler, stints with Julian Arguelles and Nikki Iles, to his latest Anglo American project, the Impossible Gentlemen – shuffled a set list at will, suggesting to McCallum they do ‘Orpheus’. A change of guitar, some retuning, a bit of banter and into Luiz Bonfá’s Black Orpheus. This and the following number – All the Things You Are – exemplified Stuart McCallum’s penchant for reharmonizing tunes. Dark tones, dense improvisations, Walker picking up on McCallum’s initial foray, further solo invention, the seamless dovetailing of ideas.
A Walker composition – Wallenda’s Last Stand – inspired by the life story of a high wire walker’s final, fatal, do or die journey and McCallum’s The French Song illustrated their talents as tunesmiths. The second set heard McCallum’s Beholden and Walker’s Clock Maker. Walker introduced the latter number with a hilarious, true tale of his friend saxophonist Iain Dixon’s father’s clock making obsession. Imagine a house full of clocks – He made one every four minutes, said Walker – all primed to chime on the hour. It was Walker’s mission in life when visiting Dixon Snr to leave before the cacophonous clock chorus struck up! A distinct folk strand ran through the second set, notably McCallum’s tune inspired by a visit to the Shetlands and his authentic folk ballad Seasons. The one time student of Walker has gone on to work in a variety of contexts including a plum job with John Surman, tenure with the hip Cinematic Orchestra and work with Tim Garland’s Northern Underground Orchestra (including an appearance at the Durham Miners’ Gala a few years ago). This Schmazz gig was one for students of the guitar rather than one for the jazz guitar purist.
Earlier, pianist Paul Taylor played a solo set in the downstairs bar. The Tyneside-based Taylor developed ideas from an impressionist palette, quietly applying complementary hues to an uncluttered canvas. The audience listened intently, some seemingly holding a breath, such was the silence during a half hour improvisation.
Next month’s Schmazz concert at the Jazz Café departs from the usual last Tuesday in the month date. The double bill of Troyka and Pulcinella can be heard on Tuesday 15 July.
Great gig, very inspiring gi

---

injury We use a combination of techniques for the treatment of sprains, strains, painful or stiff joints as well as back and neck pain to promote your own self healing, bringing the body back into balance.
mobility We combine manual physiotherapy with individual exercises, gait re-education and relaxation techniques to gain better mobility.
health Keeping the body in a state of balance is the key to good health. We can design an individial maintenance programme to enable you to manage your condition effectively.

---

56 amazing Lollipop Pictures images in these Lollipop Pictures group starting with L letter.
Giant Chupa Chups Lollipop: 65 times larger than a normal sucker.
Giant Lollipop: Traditional style sucker the size of your face.
What is your Lollipop Moment?
Original Honey Lollipops for every occasion. Gifts. Treats. Tea.

---

The distance from Thabeng to Sonop is 84 kilometers by road. Road takes approximately 1 hour and 38 minutes and goes through Ramokokstad and Bojating.
The distance between Thabeng and Sonop is 84 kilometers by road. Distance from Thabeng to Sonop by car takes approximately 1 hour and 38 minutes.
The distance between Thabeng and Sonop is ranked 118th in the ranking popularity.
The driving time from Thabeng to Sonop is approximately 1 hour and 38 minutes without intermediate stops.
Use the "Intermediate points" field inside the "Show advanced options" to find out how to get from Thabeng to Sonop through specific transit points.
You can calculate the route from Thabeng to Sonop through any specific transit point by dragging and dropping the route on the map.
To find out how far is Thabeng from Sonop, all the intermediate path segments were totalized. Precise satellite coordinates of highways were used for this calculation.
Reverse route: from Sonop to Thabeng.

---

The worlds of ancient finance and cryptocurrency have continually been divided, for restrictive and technical reasons. Till recently, it had been troublesome for cryptocurrency traders to realize exposure to stocks and commodities. Currency.com is trying to remedy that through launching the “Bitmex of stocks,” a crypto-friendly platform that guarantees high leverage and low barriers for entry.
in mid-January, news.Bitcoin.com reported onCurrency.com, a Belarus-based mercantilism platform for tokenized securities. Not like alternative platforms of this nature, Currency.com guarantees entry to retail investors and a marketplace of pronto tradable assets from day one. What’s a lot of, these comprise globally recognizable assets like Microsoft stock, gas, oil, and therefore the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations a hundred. The platform is currently board invite-only mode, with around many traders golf shot it through its paces. Another 113,000 and investigating area unit on the roll.
This week, news.Bitcoin.com spoke to Currency.com corporate executive Ivan Gowan to find out a lot of regarding the interest the exchange has received, and therefore the restrictive supplying of launching such AN operation from European country. Gowan explained what proportion of that interest has come back from the English and Russian speaking worlds, with seventy % of these on the roll hailing from japanese Europe. Western Europe, Japan, and peninsula account for the remaining regions that have shown sturdy interest within the exchange. U.S. citizens, however, area unit unable to register at this point.
CEO Ivan Gowan divides his time between London and European country, wherever Currency.com includes a massive technical team operative out of the country’s engineering Park. He speaks warmly of the “innovative legislation” that’s been created to incubate cryptocurrencies and blockchain in European country during a bid to drive economic process, and of the standard talent pool that features extremely skilled programmers with a robust work ethic.
Although obtaining regulated within the U.S. is on Currency.com’s semipermanent roadmap, there is important hurdles that has got to be overcome to realize SEC approval. Within the meanwhile, there’s work to be done onboarding the tens of thousands of users on the roll. Once through the exchange’s virtual doors, they’re going to be unengaged to deposit funds with BTC or ETH, yet as edict currency, and there is unit plans for alternative crypto assets to be adscititious in future together with BCH and LTC. there’ll even be a mobile app unrolled in Gregorian calendar month. The gulf between the standard finance and cryptocurrency worlds is bit by bit narrowing. Currency.com is also one amongst the primary crypto exchanges to produce a bridge, however it’s unlikely to be the last.

---

Located near I-90 and just off Route 62, Niagara Falls Boulevard, in the hub of the area’s dominant retail corridor.
Across from the Fashion Outlets of Niagara Falls, recently expanded to 700,000 sf, making it one of the largest outlet centers in the country.
The only Wegmans in the Niagara Falls trade area.

---

Amber Lilyestrom, an amazing branding and business strategist, dreamed of being a stay at home mama well before having a child. At 8 months after her daughter was born, Amber took a leap of faith, quitting her job with only ONE CLIENT! Amber knew that focusing her time and energy on her business was the only way it would grow, and quitting her 9-5 turned out to be the best decision because it led her to her KILLER business. She is passionate about branding and business strategy and hosts her own podcast, and a two-day conference for women who want to take their life and career to the next level.
We were so inspired by her fierce work ethic, and wanted to create a website that reflected her passion. Amber wanted her site design to be bold, elegant, and CLEAR to visitors on exactly who she is. Amber had strong content and we loved getting to design a gorgeous website around it. Go Live did not design her main logo, but we designed the Ignite Your Soul logo (pictured above!) for an upcoming event and had so much fun with it. Here's a HUGE CONGRATS to Amber on the launch of her new website, and for turning her dream into a reality.
"My entire life has transformed as a result of the choice to pursue my dream and make the leap to launch my business."
Amber's story of courage and passion will inspire and encourage you in your own journey!
Amber: I have always been fascinated with human behavior, psychology and really understanding why people do what they do. I have been equally obsessed with helping people breakthrough their fears and roadblocks to live a more fulfilling and joyful life. I grew up witnessing the people I love struggle and made it my goal early on to create a different way of life for myself so I could make a positive impact on the lives of others by showing them what I learned. What better way to take ownership of your life than to match your work with the sacred mission?
Amber: I worked in collegiate athletics marketing for a decade and had the gift of contributing to the growth of a Division I athletics brand on a national scale. My career path there was incredibly entrepreneurial and I taught myself how to write sales copy, design websites and graphics and basically everything in between. I was also asked to teach at the university and mentor students throughout my career, both of these roles allowed me to hone and develop my craft as a coach.
Amber: The answers do not live out there, they come from within. I've spent thousands of dollars on coaches and programs and live events only to be guided on back to my own truth. I do not regret one penny spent or mile walked on this path, though, as it has helped me to become even better at what I do and more committed to the bigger mission of my life.
Amber: The funny thing about this question is that so many people DID tell me that "Everything I need is already within me." But, I didn't listen because I had to go on my own quest to find my way home to myself. I am so grateful for all of the

---

It was time to pack up camp and head north. Our drive to New Bern/Beaufort area was only 2 hours; allowing ample time to do some exploring!
Our camping destination was Flanners Beach Campground, located in the Neuse River Recreation Area in eastern North Carolina. This campground sits on a bluff which overlooks Neuse River and only a half-hour drive to the quaint town of Beaufort, NC.
We made our way to our site which was perfect for us. It was a large with trees all around lending privacy. We were close to the bath house as well, very handy as there is no water/sewer service. After our site was set-up, it was back on the road for some adventure.
Tips: Bring your bikes as the trails are easy and beautiful. If it is summer, you may not want to count on cooling off in the river. The water would be considered not warm but hot and stays shallow for a long way out. It was a dismal experience.
Our first stop in Beaufort was the North Carolina Maritime Museum. We learned about this museum at the Crystal Coast Visitor Center back in May 2016 on our New Bern adventure and was told it was a “not-to-miss” museum for pirates fans!
The first thing we did when we arrived at the museum was watch a documentary on Blackbeard’s life history (and that of other pirates), and his exploits in the waters off North Carolina. It was very well done and kept the kids interested to the very end. The best part? Artifacts from Blackbeard’s Queen Anne’s Revenge that we saw in the documentary are on display in the museum!
Helen Aitken, a volunteer at the front desk, greeted us warmly and offered to get Drake and Mia set-up with a clipboard and pencil so they could participate in the museum scavenger hunt. She also mentioned to them that if they completed it, she would allow them to touch a REAL whale heart. What better motivation is there?
The museum is chock-full of interesting exhibits documenting life at lighthouses and lifesaving stations, the NC seafood industry, and motorboats through the years. The highlight, of course, was the artifacts from Blackbeard’s wrecked flagship, Queen Anne’s Revenge. You won’t see treasure (we learned Blackbeard removed all the good stuff when he ran aground) , however, you will see cannons, grenades, belt buckles and beads. Truly amazing to see!
When the kids were done with their scavenger hunt they went back to see Ms. Aitken. True to her word, she had them follow her to the whale heart exhibit. As she was telling us interesting facts about whales (did you know that the size of heart a whale is born with is the same size they’ll have as an adult?), a little crowd gathered around. Next, she opened up the display case and allowed everyone to gently touch the whale heart. Incredible!
Next, she pulled out a small jar of whale oil. Of course we all know that it was used for centuries for heating but I wasn’t as educated that it was also used in the auto industry. She rubbed a tiny amount on our hands to feel how incredibly silky the consistency w

---

As her favourite colour is purple I knew I had to use that colour. A month or so ago I found some purple sugar and white sugar pearls. I wanted to do a kid cake that was elegant given her age. That was as far as I got until the morning of the day everyone was coming. Talk about a decorating block! I just couldn’t think of anything. Fortunately on the walk with the dogs I got an idea. And it had to be done quickly as I had an hour to do this. Yikes!
Not only does she like purple, she likes butterflies so I decided to go with that. I whipped up some buttercream icing like I did for these cupcakes. Before I added the purple I scooped some white into a decorating bag.
Carefully place the top layer on and brush any loose crumbs off.
Ice the whole cake smoothing as best you can. Isn’t this a great purple?
Next I used the white frosting to outline the flowers and butterfly. Finally I got the consistency right and it flowed like it should. In the past I was squeezing with all my might. Too much work. I used the white pearls for the centers and the purple sugar for the petals and wings. I really need to problem solve getting the sugar where I want it to go. There was a bit of colouring outside the lines with this bit.
To finish it off I added some icing dots on the sides.
This entry was posted in Desserts and tagged apples, baking, buttercream icing, chocolate cake. Bookmark the permalink.
Wow! that’s one heck of a cake:) It’s beautiful!! I love the butterfly:) She’s going to LOVE IT! Happy Birthday to your daughter….
I can’t wait for those pics…I just love everything about your daughters cake! It came out beautifully!!!!!!
Thank you. 🙂 His birthday is in June so I have time to plan!
can’t wait! Have a Great weekend:) and as always thanks for sharing….
Thanks, I’ll let her know.
Happy Birthday to your daughter. That’s certainly a cake and a half. She must have be thrilled.
She liked it. 🙂 They appreciate the effort for stuff like this which is really nice.
So fun!! A few years ago, my twin sister put together a cookbook of all the recipes from our childhood years; we celebrated our birthday last week, and I made our whole birthday dinner from that cookbook! It’s amazing how memories if food stay with us– I’m sure your daughter will never forget this cake!
What a wonderful idea! Very special.
What a sweet cake…love the flowers and butterfly as I’m sure she did as well.
Daughters are so~ precious. Happy Birthday to your 12 year old… I love purple too and she will love it! Fae.
What a fabulous looking cake! Yes, my favourite colours are deep crimson and purple. Having said that, at your daughters age I had my bedroom painted purple walls and white accents…put me right off purple for a while!
Her room at her mother’s house has purple walls so we’ll see how long this lasts. At our house she still has the yellow as the main colour that her dad did years ago. I like the idea of purple with the white accents though. A great contrast.
Well happy birthday! Wow! Now

---

The debate "Republican memo was fake news garbage" was started by Nemiroff on February 26, 2018, 5:21 pm. 5 people are on the agree side of this discussion, while 8 people are on the disagree side. People are starting to choose their side. It looks like most people are against to this statement.
Nemiroff posted 4 arguments to the agreers part.
Nemiroff, historybuff and 3 visitors agree.
Yiyi, chasediedrich1, NPW, DrMrDaniel, chemikilsm0ke and 3 visitors disagree.
why is it that your entire post deflected to the democrats and completely dodged the topic of the thread, the contents of the actual Republican memo?
is it because the contents of that memo themselves are indefensible?
my entire opening post explained why it was fake. so your opening jab is a miss.
Nunez used half truths to lie to the American people. regardless of the damage that should spark far more outrage.
the damage was to sources and methods of intelligence gathering. it makes intelligence gathering harder for our professionals. do you think you as a civilian would notice the damage? did you notice the snowden damage? of course not. what were you expecting the damage to be? an instant invasion? I think you are making arbitrary excuses to avoid laying blame on your party no matter how badly they slapped you and the American people.
I love how democrats always dissmis the memo as a fake but rarely point out why it's fake. I also remember that democrats stated that the memo would cause major problems and liberal media cites were buzzing with why releasing the memo would bring terrible consequences, yet none of that happened. It's almost as if there was something in that memo democrats didn't want released.
anyone have any argument for why it wasn't garbage?
frankly garbage isn't strong enough. it was outright lies to try to undermine an investigation into potential treasonous activities. when the investigation leads to more charges I hope they investigate Nunes as well for his willful attempt to cover it up.
it represented the Steele dossier as the only evidence when it was supported by numerous independent sources.
it said the fbi hide the fact that one of its leads was started for a partisan purpose, but they openly told the judge that, who then judged it valid.
it forgot to mention that the warrant was renewed several times, meaning it was providing valid intelligence in the eyes of the court. which included numerous republician judges who approved it.
this political farce needs to end. cherry picking from classified data to build a false narrative to deceive the American people, there need to be treason charges brought on some. starting with Devon Nunez. if anyone is colluding, it's him.

---

High quality Initial,and Buyer Supreme is our guideline to offer the ideal assistance to our shoppers.At present, we are striving our best to become amongst the ideal exporters inside our industry to satisfy shoppers more want for Wall Anchors Lowes , wall anchors lowes , drywall anchors lowes , and hope to operate along with you during the close to foreseeable future!
"We have been also concentrating on enhancing the things management and QC method so that we could preserve terrific edge inside the fiercely-competitive enterprise for Wall Anchors Lowes , wall anchors lowes , drywall anchors lowes , We are adhering to the philosophy of "attracting customers with the best products and excellent service". We welcome customers business associations and friends from all parts of the world to contact us and seek cooperation for mutual benefits.

---

RE/DONE 1960s Slim Tee in Vintage White. The RE/DONE | Hanes Slim Tee was inspired by one of fashion’s most iconic decades, the 1960s. This era of rebellion and freedom lent itself to a more fitted style of clothing. The classic crew neck tee with its slim body has the look of a vintage tee shirt that has been washed and worn hundreds of times. The tee shirts are made of 100% combed cotton, developed exclusively by RE/DONE | Hanes, knitted and sewn entirely in the USA.

---

SRID is a tedious and time consuming assay to perform. Why not let InDevR’s team of scientists do it for you?
The single radial immunodiffusion assay is used to quantify the concentration of antigen in a given sample relative to a standard of the same antigen. In short, an agarose gel is infused with reference antisera and holes are punched in the gel. Antigen is placed in the holes and diffuses into the agarose. The distance that the antigen diffuses into the agarose is measured as a precipitate “ring” in the gel after staining. The ring diameter is proportional to the quantity of the antigen present in a given well.
The SRID assay is applied across the influenza vaccine industry. It is widely used to determine the potency of the hemagglutinin content of vaccines prior to release of the product.
InDevR has scientists trained and experienced in performing the SRID assay to specifications put forward by the FDA. This assay can either act as a calibration for the VaxArray assay or can be performed for stand-alone potency determination. VaxArray influenza Potency Assays have been shown to correlate well with results from SRID assays.
Contact InDevR to connect with our scientists for help in defining the testing plan for your samples.

---

If data can be HACKED or STOLEN, STOP using REAL data and contact us today as we have the Encryption Solution more secure than any Encryption!
Our Team provides several MicroToken solutions that eliminate the vulnerability of storing and sending real data.
Each solution effectively removes the ability for intruders to discern any value from storage or transmission.
We provide solutions for transmitting commands between connected devices, storing and retrieving documents and data in any form, as well as secure payment services.
MicroToken Exchange (MTE) Encryption Technology solution for securing Data in MOTION.
- MTE secures data in motion by acting almost as an invisible shield or a translator between the sending device and the receiving device. Our MTE replaces your command or transmission data with a MicroToken just before the packet is sent. Once the packet has reached the receiver it is translated back into the original command or data. The Eclypses MTE is easy to implement and works with any communication protocol.
MicroToken Exchange (MTE) Encryption Technology solutions for securing Data at REST.
- MTE has several solutions for securing data at rest that can be accessed through a variety of ways. Eclypses secures your data by replacing any size file or data element with a MicroToken, ensuring that if there is ever a breach in your system that hackers will not be able to get any discernable value from what they access.
- Our Team's MicroToken solutions conform to several industry compliancy regulations and can remove the burden for your Agency, Company or your client's Agency or Company.

---

Brink’s U.S., a division of Brink’s, Incorporated, is the premier provider of armored car transportation, ATM servicing, currency and coin processing, document destruction and other value added services to financial institutions, retailers and other commercial and government entities. The company has a proud history of providing growth and advancement opportunities for its employees. We have a challenging opportunity for a Manager – Cash Logistics.
Manager - Cash Logistics are responsible for managing the vault, Currency and Coin operations inside the facility and for typically supervising up to 20 employees. This position is responsible for assisting the City Manager or Senior Manager Operations in the secure, safe and efficient functioning of an armored car operation. The Cash Logistics Team Lead drives the execution of the business and motivates team members to achieve the best results and to drive continuous process improvement. This position will lead a dedicated team of Cash Logistics employees and will require extensive coordination with other on-site operations. This position functions in an armed environment. This position requires the enforcement of rules to protect the premises and property of Brink's and its customers, as well as the safety of persons on the premises of Brink's and its customers.

---

Yesterday Andrew accompanied me to St Vincent’s nuclear Medicine department for a Sestamibi Scan, called ” Mibi” for short, of my heart.
The process involves a baseline scan without any medium followed by a period of rest, you can read about everything through these links here.
A sestamibi (MIBI) scan is a test that measures the amount of blood being supplied to your heart.
Why do I need a sestamibi scan?
What are the risks of having a sestamibi scan?
How do I prepare for a sestamibi scan?
What happens during a sestamibi scan?
What happens after a sestamibi scan?
Nuclear stress test to Diagnose CHD.
Also used to gauge the damage to the heart by things such as S.C.A.D.
All in all the scan only took 4 hours rather than the 6 mentioned and wasn’t as scary as we had thought.
Due to the radioactivity I was warned to take a taxi home and to stay away from people for 48 hours until the Technetium Tc 99m sestamibi reached safer levels.. Andrew and I took the long blue and white taxi home raight to our doorstep and went out shopping today after I came home from respite.
I feel somewhat tired and done it and have gone to bed early these past few nights but will be opening the Shed at Kooloora tomorrow.

---

Image Title: Pottery Barn Counter Stools In Decker Leather Seat Barstool Inside Bar Plans 8. Filename: pottery-barn-counter-stools-in-decker-leather-seat-barstool-inside-bar-plans-8.jpg. Image Dimension: 710 x 639 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Zackary Nikolaus. Uploaded Date: Monday - May 14th. 2018 18:35:16 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interior.com.
Tap The Thumbnail Bellow to See Related Gallery of "Pottery Barn Counter Stools In Decker Leather Seat Barstool Inside Bar Plans 8"

---

Mercedes has lifted the veil and presented the new X-Class. Mercedes X-Class is the company’s first large scale production luxury pickup and we reveal all its secrets, including the prices for the German market. The X-Class will be available in Europe, Latin America, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. No USA.
There it is, the Mercedes of the pickups. Following the 2016 reveal of the close to production concept, the series X-Class has now been revealed in South Africa. Sales start this November with a basic price of 37,294 euros.
It is widely known that Mercedes is buying the technical base from the Renault Nissan Group, the X-Class is based on the Nissan Navara and is also being built at Nissan’s European headquarters in Barcelona. In contrast to other “badge engineering” models such as the practically identical duo Mitsubishi L200 and Fiat Fullback, Mercedes has – having learnt its lesson from the experience with the Citan – heavily updated the Nissan Navara donor base and created an unique interior and exterior design.
On the technical side, the ladder frame and the drivetrains are primarily identical. In addition, the basic cell of the cabin and individual body parts such as the doors are identical. Nevertheless, the Mercedes X-Class is a completely new car, from a design stand point.
The front is dominated by the radiator grill with powerful big star and two cross chrome bars, the headlights with LED daytime running lights are smaller and more aggressive. Depending on the equipment variant, the lower apron is decorated with a large chrome surround, lacquered in car paint or molded in dyed plastic, which is more robust. At the rear, we notice the extremely narrow high-angle lights, an unusual styling idea in the pick-up camp. Mercedes is fitting a rear bumper to every X-Class, depending on the variant painted in car paint or in chrome, “naked” commercial vehicle variants as with other manufacturers will not exist.
In the chassis department, Mercedes has made major changes to the Nissan Navara. Wider gauge and its own optimized for road use will bring a considerable improvement compared to the Nissan. This is to be desired, because the Navara chassis is despite all coil springs quite rustic and bumpy. On the other hand, Nissan technology can be used again for engines, at least for the time being. The two variants of the 2.3-liter turbodiesel with single- and twin turbocharging (163/190 hp) are known from the Navara, in the Mercedes they operate under the designation X 220 d and X 250 d. Both variants are available with rear-wheel drive and all-wheel drive and come as standard with a six-speed manual gearbox, while the X 250 d is also offered with a seven-speed automatic. The all-wheel-drive variants have a switchable off-road 50/50% traction lock switch and optionally a rear axle differential lock.
In contrast to the prospective main competitor, the VW Amarok V6, Mercedes will only offer a V6 variant from 2018 onwards. Powered by Mercedes

---

Our Learn Forward approach asks and invites children to master much more than just content.
Our Learn Forward approach asks and invites children to master much more than just content, its really a lot more about relationships and interpersonal connections and its much more about the journey that you’re on and how you’re building your character and those personality traits that will carry you into your future with success.
Wholeheartedly inviting children to embrace the unconditional love leading to a sense of worthiness, confidence, and delight.
Our learning culture cultivates a child’s unique identity balanced with a sense of community.
Over time our explorers become confident agents of goodness and change on the playground and across the globe.
Collaboration is so critical for a future leader’s success because iron sharpens iron. Our students need to know how they can create a grace filled community, one that’s flexible, innovative, creative, curious, where they can collaborate together.
The climb towards selfhood and belonging can be a difficult one. Students need to be prepared uniquely and in a very personalized way for the future. Their individuality really needs to shine forward and from that place of knowing themselves they can become leaders and changemakers.
We facilitate personal learning plans including individual inquiries, meaning-making, and making learning visible. Because, every student learns at their own pace, they have different gifts, abilities and talents.
Our teachers provide handholds for the students along their journey, so for some students it may be the handholds of encouragement, for others it may mean extra support in specific skills. For some it might be extra practice. It might be challenging them to reach their full potential.
One of the ways that we highlight what the children are learning is through a portfolio celebration is a time for a child to with their parents look at the goals they have set and show off and celebrate their achievements.
As their confidence develops, as their competence develops we celebrate each success and advancement that they have.
We instill the habits of mind and practices of creative and critical thought.
Through a variety of creative opportunities at each developmental stage, Willowstone Academy is actively developing a creativity model that supports the intentional and individual understanding of creativity in each child.
Critical thinking is a fabulous way for children to stretch their thinking. They have an opportunity to come up with their answer, it’s not about being the right answer, it is about making a reasoned judgment based on criteria.
We embed critical thinking across the curriculum so there are critical challenges in every subject we teach.

---

The Gubernatorial Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Akwa Ibom State, Obong Nsima Ekere, has promised to rehabilitate victims of the violence that ravaged Ukanafun Local Government Area in the last three years when he becomes Governor on May 29, 2019.
Several lives and millions of naira worth of property have been lost in the conflict which paralyzed economic activities in the area and forced residents to flee to neighbouring Abak Local Government Area and the State Capital, Uyo.
Addressing the APC campaign rally at Ikot Akpa Nkuk, the Ukanafun Local Government Headquarters on Friday, Ekere also promised to grant proper amnesty to the repentant militants and not the fake amnesty of the present State Government.
The APC standard bearer stated that he knew what was proper amnesty, having served as the Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) for more than two years.
He proposed a sustainable empowerment programme for the repentant militants and the larger Ukanafun youths to ensure enduring peace in the area.
As the NDDC boss, Ekere said he was able to complete emergency repairs on the failed and unmotorable sections of access road to the NDDC Health Centre at Ikot Ossiom while construction work was ongoing on the Nto Nso II – Umuebueze Road, all in Ukanafun.
He promised a complete turnaround of the infrastructure of Ukanafun, which is one of the eight local government areas designated as Special Development Areas in his manifesto, when he becomes Governor.

---

My idea is more of creating an endless loop. A duckling will alway follow either its mother or another duckling. By scaring the mother she turns around and you create the first part of the loop. If you take away the mother in the right moment, the first duckling will see the last duckling and follow it. So the loop is closed. After seeing this comic I realy would like to test it in reality. But I think the sound of the mother will ruin everthing (shout out warnings).
This page was last edited on 6 January 2017, at 15:49.

---

Meet the fighters post event to see who take homes fight of the night bonuses.
Special drink discounts starting at just 100baht, free entry, and FMD style good times.
Chat with the Ring Girls, chill by the pool, lounge on the astroturfed roof top and enjoy a classic mix of music from all genres.

---

Well handled finances ensures both parties are satisfied with the bill.
You will need to reconcile your final account with the builder. Any additional entries should be able to be reconciled back to signed variations.
If there are not sufficient funds left in your construction loan account, then you must arrange to pay your builder the shortfall before you take possession. So give yourself a week before handover to review the final invoice, and don’t allow this to be left to the last minute!
With NewBuild, the solution is to use some of your contingency reserve funds as a bank retention so your builder can be paid, and you can move in on time. But you will still need to meet the loan conditions once you move in before you can fix your interest rates.
You need to be sure that by taking possession your builder does not negate their responsibility of completing any outstanding items and providing a Code of Compliance Certificate. Sometimes it’s hard to get your builder back out once they are paid, so this is where a really good relationship with your builder is helpful.
There is often a lot of uncertainty around when home owners can take possession of their new home.
Learn how to minimize conflicts with your builder in regards to final payment.
It is crucial that you obtain your code of compliance before moving in.
When is it Okay to Take Possession?
You must do three things before taking possession of your new home.

---

← Mechanics of Creation 3: Super-Sizer Poses Post!
That’s drawn by Jack Kirby, by the way.
Jack Kirby is cool. But when it comes to licking the pants off someone you can bet………!!!!! Please PM for Names, Numbers,and Address. A one time fee will be applied to your credit card.
Aw, it’s so cute when the gods try to use modern slang. But don’t laugh. If you laugh, you get a thunderbolt in a very uncomfortable place.
Did they actually say stuff like that in comics? Where’s the comics code when you need it?
What? You didn’t know Pluto often wears edible undies?
The announcer would say that after hockey players thwacked the wristwatch around the ice for a bit, then held it up to the camera for proof. That was just one commercial.

---

Our checking is different than bank checking. It’s better.
Enjoy additional free services with Relationship Checking.
Don't stress about maintaining a certain balance in your checking account — there is no minimum balance required for our checking account.
There are no maintenance fees for this account — it's strictly a no-fee checking account.
Funds in your checking account earn dividends from the date of deposit.
REDI-CASH Overdraft Protection Line of Credit is an open-ended line of credit used in conjunction with a checking account. This protection is activated when you overdraw your account. That means no more bounced checks!
There's no charge to open an Overdraft Protection Line of Credit account. Finance charges accrue only when the account is activated. You must have a checking account and qualify for a minimum line of credit. Maximum line of credit is $30,000.
Our debit card allows you to make purchases and get cash anywhere Mastercard®, Cirrus, Credit Union 24 or Member Access cards are accepted. Request one when you open your checking account.
In addition to the ATMs at our branch locations‚ and a number of credit union owned ATMs throughout the D.C. area, our members have access to an extensive network surcharge-free ATMs worldwide.
Our Relationship Checking program rewards those members who choose to maximize their financial relationship with us. If you have a checking account with direct deposit, you may qualify for a Checking Account that provides an attractive package of rewards. And the more rewards you get, the more money you save and earn.
If you participate in relationship checking, your current level is indicated on your account statement every month. Take a look at the chart to see how you can qualify for each rewards level and its money-savings benefits!
*Eligibility criteria for rewards level re-evaluated on a monthly basis. Rewards subject to change based on eligibility. Qualified Direct Deposit is a recurring direct deposit of a paycheck, pension, Social Security or other periodic payment of at least $500 into a checking account on a month-to-month basis made by an outside organization or agency.

---

The weather outside doesn't always call for a jacket, sometimes a vest will do the job. Also some boys are like little toasters, hot when others are shivering which makes this puffy vest for boys by Appaman a perfect choice. We, at The Boy's Store, love taht every little detail in this boy's vest is well though out; from the choice of fabric, the tab behind the zipper, down to the logo monkey pull.
"Puffy" vests are the perfect in-between warmth providing boy's outerwear.

---

The AVM4108C Widescreen HD Display is a product you’ll want to watch — quite literally. This high-quality, 1280×800 resolution screen is sunlight-readable, touch-responsive and capable of the crystal-clear pictures you need on critical missions.
Want to see the AVM4108C display in action? Request more info from the Avalex team now.

---

Class A Burn Prop - Stove Simulator With Overhead Burn Hood - Fire Facilities, Inc.
The stove simulator assembly consists of 1/4” thick prime painted angles and 12 gage stainless steel panels bolted together with 3/8” diameter bolts through pre-punched holes for ease of assembly. The prime painted 19W4 x 1 1/2” x 3/16” bar grate is designed to hold class “A” materials 1’-4” above the floor surface. Dimensions for this prop shall be approximately 4’-5 1/2” x 4’-5 1/2” x 6’-7” tall and shall resemble a commercial grade stove. The overhead bar grate hood of this unit is 2’-11” x 4’-5 1/2” and provides another area to hold class “A” materials for a secondary fire. A sliding/removable stainless steel range top with large ventilation holes shall also be provided. The range top helps to limit the number of pallets trainees can place in the unit by covering approximately half of the unit.

---

Troy King Back in the Game With Big Money From Small Donors – Taking Alabama Back!
A campaign finance report filed today shows former Republican Attorney General Troy King is back in the game, raising over $130,000.00 in small donations in just over two weeks.
King, once thought to be another asterisk in former Gov. Bob Riley’s scheme to hold onto the reins of power after leaving office in 2010, formally filed his campaign with the secretary of state’s office in mid-November.

---

A phase II pilot study to evaluate use of intravenous lidocaine for opioid-refractory pain in cancer patients.
Kerala, India: status of cancer pain relief and palliative care.
Nurse moral distress and cancer pain management: an ethnography of oncology nurses in India.

---

At PACT, we provide valuable assessment information specifically designed to describe how your child uses communication, motor, and sensory abilities for a variety of functional, academic and social purposes. Our therapists have extensive expertise in traditional therapy approaches, as well as how to integrate intervention goals into natural, meaningful experiences. We also encourage feedback from our families in order to help prioritize treatment goals and enhance carryover across into home, school, and community settings and situations.
Feel free to ask us for information regarding our most recent trainings and certifications in new and innovative therapeutic approaches and interventions. We are constantly changing to meet the demands and priorities of our clients and their families!

---

For the month of April only: Receive Dermapen 4 Face & Neck Treatment + An Alginate Mask + IonZyme Machine Treatment for only R1,500 (all inclusive).
We are proud to launch the new Dermapen 4 at Natural Aesthetics. We were the first clinic in South Africa to receive the Dermapen 4. So what makes the Dermapen 4 so much better than the Dermapen 3 or any other microneedling device?
Dermapen 4 has a 16 needle cartridge instead of just 12 needles, reaching an inflammatory response at a much quicker rate.
The Dermapen 4 generates 47.9% more micro-channels than Dermapen 3 and 104% more micro-channels than any counterfeit device.
The Dermapen 4 generates 1,920 puncture channels per second, which means we can almost double the amount of serums and actives that we needle into the skin per treatment, than before.
The additional 620 micro-channels makes the treatment much quicker and more comfortable than before.
Dermapen 4 is the only microneedling device with a dedicated scar setting and protocols for revision of deep, atrophic scars; including surgical, burn contracture, striae and post-acne scars. Needle penetration can now be increased up to 3.0mm.
AOVN technology, automatically calibrates the motor speed, pressure and penetration for targeted precision.
The Dermapen 4 is safer than other microneedling devices, no dragging or pulling of the skin.
Only Dermapen 4 features a unique, medical-grade silicone seal and fluid guard. The external cartridge is fortified with a specialised fluid guard that prevents cross contamination to the outer cartridge shell. Safety First!
Specialised retention valves relieve the build-up of procedural pressure within the Dermapen 4 needle cartridge. The effect prevents fluid build-up within the needle cavity. The vacuum-like sensation removes the risk of cross contamination whilst ensuring pressure-free contact to the skin during a procedure.
Top: Medical grade numbing cream applied for 20 – 30 minutes, we then needle medical grade serums and actives into the skin via the Dermapen 4 device. Bottom: An Alginate Mask is applied and connected to our IonZyme Machine. A medical grade concealer is applied to speed up recovery and cover any immediate post treatment redness.
The Dermapen is an award winning micro-needling device.
We use the Dermapen 4 to create safe pathways to deliver quality anti-aging serums deep into the skin.
New collagen and elastin are now being produced by the body; tightening the skin and healing scars, fine lines and literally keeping the skin young and full of volume.
What is the Dermapen 4 good for?
Skin conditions: Treat pigmentation, skin texture, oily skin, acne and sun damaged skin.
The numbing cream that we apply is a 30% Lidocaine medical-grade numbing cream that is only available at medical practices. Should your skincare “clinic”, not have an overseeing doctor, chances are that you are not receiving the appropriate numbing cream (only a 2% Lidocaine), which can make this treatment uncomfortable.


---

This is what makes us the best choice for your next form or survey.
We offer completely Free Plans that enable you to create an unlimited number of forms, surveys, and polls.
For over 5 years, EmailMeForm has worked with millions of users on gathering valuable user-generated data.
No programming skills necessary for your advanced data collection. If you can check Gmail or use Facebook, you’ll be able to use our form builder as well.
Receive and monitor form data as it comes, in real time. Set up advance email notifications for all members of your team.
EmailMeForm constantly improves bringing forth more simple functionalities and user-friendly interface. We never stop testing our tool and we have a great customer support team that you can rely on.

---

Mechanics in Splatoon which appear primarily in the singleplayer campaigns, Octo Valley and Octo Canyon.
In Splatoon, the only multiplayer stage which features a Mechanic is Ancho-V Games, which has Propeller platforms.
In Splatoon 2, almost all stages have Inkrails and / or Sponge Blocks in some of the modes, and the Splatfest-only stage Shifty Station has variable layouts, each featuring a different Mechanic or two.
This page was last edited on 18 June 2018, at 20:49.

---

Comment : Comments Off on Squirrel removal Westport Ct.
Continue reading . . . Squirrel removal Westport Ct.
Wildlife removal Darien Ct performed by Jen of Weston Wildlife Specialist, Have 1 squirrel and 1 raccoon removal jobs in Darien today. Raccoons don’t hibernate so they are around all winter causing trouble. They destroyed these poor peoples basement. So if you need us we are here 24/7, 365 days a year.
Bat removal Westport Ct by Weston Wildlife Specialist. We are doing 2 bat removal jobs in Westport this week as the bats are very confused with this crazy December weather. We are here to serve the Weston Westport community and surrounding areas.

---

Need to make a doctor appointment for Tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) this week? Use Zocdoc to find doctors near you who take your insurance. It’s simple, secure and free.

---

PCL Alverno November 2017 Test Bulletin - Important UHC information!
Effective today, UnitedHealthcare will require any physician who orders molecular or genetic testing to aquire a prior authorization before submitting the order to the performing laboratory.
For your convenience, we have added links on our website to help you navigate the process. It includes a list of previously ordered testing that now requires prior authorization. If the test you would like to order is not listed on the form or in the BeaconLBS database, please contact us via email by clicking Client Service or by phone - 800-937-5521.
Effective immediately, all orders for random urine protein or electrolytes will include urine creatinine. Creatinine is a useful tool when used in conjunction with other findings to evaluate kidney function.

---

"How beautiful are these rings?
I’m soooo in love with the designs of Giardinoblu.
The pieces are so pretty and organic, like some of Nature’s most delicate moments; like morning dew.I can look forever at the tiny dainty morning drops on leaves.
It’s such a pure form of beauty."
"I love so much ALL the eco-conscious jewelry that Francesca creates!
You can feel the love and positive vibes in every single piece. They are all unique pieces.
Everything she creates is high quality. It tells a story for you to discover once you wear its magical jewelry.
I adore her work. And she a such a beautiful person that you can feel her truth embedded in her creative work."
"My precious!! I absolutly love this amazing peace of jewlery! It has so much charm and story to tell <3"
their organic beauty and the magic allure are amazing.
Each piece is totally handmade and unreplicable, their preciousness is made by teeny details.
"I'm super excited as my pendants arrived today and I just collected them from my local post office. I cannot thank you enough, I think they are just beautiful. I think the ladies are going to Love them.
I have also had our local printer print me up some copies of the Guide to Rise to go along with them.
I'm feeling super BLESSED to have accidentally stumbled upon you and your beautiful gift.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart!"
"Words fail me.... my ring!!!!!!! OOOHHH she is SOOOO beautiful...... I just cried when I saw her!!! She pierced my heart!!!! She is magnificent! Your artistry--perfection!!!!! I am in love....completely in love!!!!! THANK YOU WITH ALL OF MY HEART!!!!! I have her on my finger!!!!! Perfect fit!!!!! Franci!!!!!! My goodness the love and energy of your work is so powerful and healing......sigh...... I feel SO BLESSED! This I will cherish and treasure my whole life! It expanded my aura and light the moment I put it on my finger! I just must say I am absolutely in love with your work!!!!! She is SO alive; we are already becoming one..... your love and energy just flooded my heart when I read your note, and THEN when I opened the box, and laid eyes on her! It felt like she was always mine!!!! Yes,yes, YES!!!!!!! I am hooked! By far my favorite crystal jewel EVER!!!!!! SO special. I know you poured your heart and soul into this for me.I can feel it so strong!!!! I needed this so much at this time in my life.....the timing was divine!!!!! Light and love and my deepest gratitude, Desiree xxoo"
“Beautiful necklace and seller was brilliant – great communication and excellent service. Would definitely recommend"
"I’ve been a fan of Francesca’s work for quite sometime and I was so happy to be able to get one of her pieces!Even her packaging is so cute and personal!…. gotta love the Italians!!.. And getting a package form Italy always makes me happy!..
"Giardinoblu is the magic place for who wants to grow their little soul, for those who are still amazed and thrilled in the wonders of Nature.
...Alice can looking for the White Ru

---

Pancakes are usually believed to be one of the best variations of weekend breakfast. They associate with childhood, careless days, sweet childhood memories, and generally with tasty treat. However, far from everyone is able to make this treat on their own.
Today, the idea of a healthy lifestyle becomes very popular. More and more people start thinking about healthier cooking and eating, discover different diets, and look for organic products. This is due to a certain fashion, of course, but such trend is very useful for society in general.

---

African/Lake Malawi cichlids have very specialised feeding habits that have been adapted so that they can survive in their natural habitat. However aquarists tend to make it easier for themselves by getting readily prepared flakes and pellets. But you will have to take into account whether your fish are herbivores or ‘piscivores’ (feed on other fish). Mbuna species are normally herbivore, so they will mainly feed on the algae that grows on rocks, so they must be fed on plant food. These fish cannot digest animal fat and will suffer from indigestion if fed on it.
On the other hand most Lake Malawi cichlids will eat small crustaceans like Brine Shrimps.
A lot of cichlid breeders make up their own homemade food, made from chopped up shrimp and peas.
Thaw out the shrimps and peas and mince them finely in a food mixer, then add the vitamin drops. Finally pour in the dissolved gelatine. The gelatine will bind the mixture, producing a thick paste after it has cooled. Place the paste into a freezer bag, flatten and then freeze. Now this nutritious fish food can easily be cut up into convenient pieces, and given to your fish.
A wide range of foods are commercially available, like flakes and pellets. It has been noticed that cichlids feed very enthusiastically on flakes, while pellets sink to the bottom, so any other inhabitants like catfish can get it. The choice is yours.
A further important source of food for your African cichlids, are frozen foods like white and black mosquito larvae, brine shrimps and krill.
Mixes including beef heart and frozen RED mosquito larvae are not suitable for Lake Malawi Cichlids.
How often you feed your Lake Malawi cichlids depends on their age. Fry (Newly born fish) must be fed more frequently and in smaller portions than older fish. Fry should literally be swimming in food in order to grow quickly and develop properly.
Herbivores are more used to feeding in small portions over the day, so feeding them once a day will not be enough. And you must take care to only put in the right amount of food. It should take about 1 minute for all of the food to be eaten.
Adult cichlids should be fed 2-3 times a day while the fry should be fed 5-7 times a day. If the fish are fed regularly then their aggression should be reduced.
Never feed your fish just after you have switched the light on as they will need reach their full levels of daytime activity. The African cichlids rest at night and it takes them about thirty minutes to become fully active. And for similar reasons, you should not give them their final feed just before turning the light out.
If you don’t think that you will be able to feed your fish at the correct times each day, then you should consider installing an automatic feeding machine.
It is important not to overfeed your fish as your cichlids will consume anything, and in huge quatities if they can, which can harm their health. Healthy African Cichlids will always await their food eagerly.
If an adult cichlid is eating 

---

Is an election recount a good idea?
The Green Party’s Jill Stein is pushing for election recounts in three battleground states. Why and what could come of the effort?
Billionaire Betsy DeVos is a Michigan philanthropist and a Republican activist. She is best known for pushing school vouchers, a way for families to spend public money schools of their choice. She’s also President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to run the Education Department.
Then, will NASA cease doing climate research under a Trump presidency, and if so what would the consequences be?
The author of a new book about the weird creatures of the wild shares his findings.
And finally, a peek into the business of fake news, and the surprising culprits behind it.
What happens if NASA stops climate science research?

---

We all know that labeling is deceptive and you have to be careful where you buy supplements these days. But this really has got to make people wake up and realize how bad things have really gotten. The findings in New York State after an independent study of 24 supplements offered in Target, Walmart, Walgreens and GNC reveal a gross negligence and outright mockery of honesty and integrity. The state’s Attorney General found these items didn’t even contain the main ingredient stated and instead were chock full of cheap rice and other not so healthy fillers.
The attorney general’s team tested 24 products in total. Roughly four out of five supplements tested did not contain the medicinal herbs they were supposed to, and were instead rife with “cheap fillers like powdered rice, asparagus and houseplants, and in some cases substances that could be dangerous to those with allergies,” according to a New York Times report.
Walgreens Ginseng supplement labeled as something to increase endurance and vitality was simply garlic and rice powder. Ginkgo biloba supplement from Walmart was found to actually be powdered radish, houseplants and wheat despite the fact that its label said it was wheat and gluten-free.
Walgreens is pulling the problematic supplements from shelves. Walmart plans to reach out to suppliers and take necessary action to ensure the safety of its customers. GNC says the company is willing to cooperate following this investigation, but stood behind its own supplements and testing system. Target so far has not issued a comment.
The attorney general’s office conducted its test by purchasing 78 bottles of the four retailers’ top brands from a dozen Walmart, Target, GNC, and Walgreens stores in the state.
Health care experts have warned about the potential dangers of the unregulated supplement industry for some time, including in a 2012 review published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Certain ingredients, like high amounts of caffeine, pose risks for certain consumers.
Consider getting your supplements from a reliable source like Natural News where you know it is being tested for not only containing that which the label lists but also to be free from toxins and heavy metals. Another very reputable company for good quality supplements is Life Extension.

---

Last Word on Sports is proud to present their hockey podcast, On the Power Play with Ben and Dave. Join Ben Kerr and Dave Gove each week as they take a look around the Hockey World focusing on the big issues of the NHL and elsewhere.
Today on On The Powerplay, we look at the best and worst teams this NHL off-season.
Advanced stats suggest the Carolina Hurricanes had the best off-season. What are the Hurricanes getting and what does it mean? Can Scott Darling solve the goaltending issues?
The Dallas Stars had big pick-ups. Does Ben Bishop fix their goaltending? Where do Alexander Radulov and Martin Hanzal fit? Can Marc Methot shore up the defence or is more needed.
The Washington Capitals took major hits this off-season. How good will they be without Kevin Shattenkirk, Karl Alzner, Nate Schmidt, Marcus Johansson, and Justin Williams?
Can the Chicago Blackhawks recover from their losses, especially on the blue-line?
The New York Rangers upgraded the blue line, but down graded up front. What does it mean?
What is Marc Bergevin doing for the Montreal Canadiens?
Does Patrick Marleau improve the Toronto Maple Leafs? How much? What is going on with their cap?
All this and more as we go On the Power Play.
Chill Puck is proud to bring you On The Power Play. Ensure your drinks are always cold with the Chill Puck. Type in the code “lastword” at Chillpuck.com to get free shipping. Sign up on our facebook page. To be entered to win a free two pack of Chill Pucks, just follow the instructions in the podcast.

---

Honesty time. I have some hoarding tendencies in regards to a few things in my life. Number One hoarding problem would go to cute notebooks. Number Two hoarding problem would go to paper calendars. Number Three hoarding problem would go to office supplies and last but certainly not least… Number Four hoarding problem would go to FONTS! (I know, I’m super coooool with my hoarding.) Today, I am sharing my new Favorite Fall Fonts. And guess what, they are all FREE.
What are your favorite fonts? Share them because I’m always looking for new ones!
If you liked these FAVORITE FALL FONTS, you might like these fonts, too!
These are adorable! Thank you so much for gathering those up!
LOL. Sounds like you are a complete office/craft hoarder. =) Happy weekend!

---

system requires only 12 seconds to open or close.
anti-lock brakes, seat-mounted side SRS airbags and an AM/FM/CD player.
throughout the nation starting in late September.
absorbers, higher spring rates and a larger diameter front anti-roll bar.
a chrome band in each door handle and a white lens on the CHMSL.
-- Stormy Blue Mica and Highland Green Mica replacing two existing colors.
leather -- carry over from the MX-5 soft top.
Ontario, Canada, and in Mexico by Mazda Motor de Mexico in Mexico City.

---

The location of the July 15, 2002 flare is shown at left. The other panels compare the scale of Earth to the eruptions. Red shows superheated gas held together by magnetic fields. The time sequence lasts only 80 seconds and yet reveals tremendous amounts of gas leaving the Sun.
A detailed study of a huge solar eruption reveals that a series of smaller explosions combined in a domino effect to fuel the blast.
The findings improve understanding of the Sun's most powerful events and could lead to better forecasting of the tempests, researchers said.
Scientists studied data collected from a radiation flare on the Sun on July 15, 2002. The eruption, ranked as an X-7, was one of the most powerful in recent times. The flare was accompanied by a coronal mass ejection, which is a colossal discharge of electrified gas called plasma. The event was 5,000 million times more powerful than an atomic bomb.
Scientists don't know exactly what triggers such eruptions. They are associated with strong magnetic fields, however, and emanate from sunspots, which are cooler regions of the Sun that correspond to bottled-up magnetic energy.
"Sunspots are at the surface of the Sun, and are essentially the footprints of the magnetic field," explained Louise Harra of the Mullard Space Science Laboratory at University College London. "The magnetic field reaches into the outer atmosphere in the same way as for example a bar magnet has a magnetic field around it."
Researchers had thought the big eruptions are created when magnetic field lines from the core of a sunspot become tangled and reconnect high in solar atmosphere, or corona. The new study contradicts that assumption.
X-7 flare started when plasma from below the Sun's surface broke suddenly through.
"Below the surface of the Sun a dynamo process is working creating magnetic field," Harra explained in an email interview. "When this becomes buoyant it can rise to the surface of the Sun, and into the atmosphere."
The plasma collided with a strong magnetic field at the surface, and the interaction triggered release of "phenomenal amounts of energy," the researchers concluded. There were three eruptions, each triggering the next.
The gas was heated to 36 million degrees Fahrenheit (20 million Celsius) before being flung up into the solar atmosphere at 90,000 mph (40 kilometers per second).
"We have observed the flows of hot gas for the first time, enabling us to see that several small flares combine to create a major explosion," Harra said. "This may eventually enable us to predict large flares before they erupt."
Not all solar flares are accompanied by coronal mass ejections, and nobody knows for sure why.
"It must be a combination of the magnetic field strength and the magnetic configuration that will allow field lines to be opened and hence the release of gas," Harra said.
The observations were made with SOHO spacecraft, a joint project of NASA and the European Space Agency. The results were presented last week at a meetin

---

Whether your dental needs are a complete exam and cleaning, a full-mouth restoration, or anything in between, we promise to provide you with exceptional care as we enhance the natural beauty of your smile. Your smile is our first priority, and we’ll give you something to smile about. We look forward to providing you with the personal care you deserve. If you have any questions, concerns, or would like to schedule an appointment, please contact us using the information provided below.
When you need a dentist in Camarillo, CA - look for professionals willing to provide care that's more than just gentle on your teeth. In order to ease your anxiety and get you the care you need for a healthy, radiant smile, our Potts Dental location on Rosewood Ave provides comprehensive service designed to provide you peace of mind.
Whether you need an annual checkup or oral surgery, our dental professionals are committed to delivering effective, efficient solutions. More importantly, we’re committed to providing an office experience that's rooted in comfort and compassion. From our respectful dental team to our friendly and helpful office staff, we believe that you have a right to care that understands and respects your unique concerns.
Conveniently located near the Paseo Camarillo Shopping Center, Drs. Michael and Derek Potts' practice serves the dental needs of patients through the Ventura County area including Oxnard, Ventura, and Thousand Oaks.

---

Ouanga Bay used to be the spot for spending relaxing weekends. We exhibits before you Top Most Luxury 5 Star Hotels in Ouanga Bay beach and Resorts in Ouanga Bay beach. Get best modest spending bargains for Best 5 Star Hotels, Boutique Hotels and Small Luxury Boutique Hotels and resorts in Ouanga Bay beach for your extravagance occasions and get-away over the globe. These lavish lodgings are known all through the world for their administrations, magnetic climate and extravagance stay relaxes, these are the inns which the explorers can visit for culminate get-aways and Holidays. Our motivation is to give you the entire database of these extravagance 5 star inns and little extravagance boutique inns and to give modest best spending inn booking bargains.
The beach is too rocky. Wear water shoes. Best beach to visit. The sandbar has breathtaking crystal clear waters which resembles a natural swimming pool, a must see. Ouanga Bay beach is no uncertainty a standout amongst the most famous travel spot in the Haiti for occasions, breaks, special nights and family trip. In any case, it is the hardest assignment for any traveler to discover the best inn online before pick any one. Along these lines, here is the rundown of best 10 lodgings in Ouanga Bay beach which we have shortlisted according to explorers encounters, surveys, prevalent administrations and high sumptuously. Add a zest to your get-away program in Ouanga Bay beach with the lavish inns that welcome you to encounter a magnificent amalgamation of culture, warmth and contemporary civilities. On the off chance that you wish to encounter the regal ways of life once lived by the elites of the yesteryear, at that point go to these spots and lose yourself in the hands of lavishness. Having rendered with high living spaces, global dishes, regal spa and superb meeting offices, these inns have outlined its administrations remembering that the guests may need to work 24 Hour following universal datelines.
The sandbar is surrounded by reefs which makes it ideal for snorkeling. Guests can virtually never leave the beach here by opting to stay in beachfront rooms, an option giving the opportunity to experience the beautiful crashing waves on the silky sand from morning until night. Atmosphere awaits you. Add a flavor to your journey program in Ouanga Bay beach with the extravagant lodgings that appreciated you to experience an awesome amalgamation of Ouanga Bay beach warmth and contemporary civilities. Having rendered with high living spaces, all inclusive dishes, royal spa and splendid social affair workplaces, these lodgings have arranged its organizations recollecting that the visitors may need to work 24 Hour following overall datelines.

---

Not feeling well today, so back in bed at eleven in the morning. Sore throat. Sinus pressure. Yuck.
I will say, though, it's nice to be alone up here in my room in the middle of the day with some items I have come to count as dearest companions - my Bible, journal, daily devotion book, thankful journal, and a collection of gel pens.
Currently, I am reading Jesus Calling, by Sarah Young. Filled with lovely little reminders of God's presence and His love for me, this daily devotional helps focus my thoughts either to start my day right or rest peacefully during the night.
Also by my side today is God's Wisdom for a Mother's Heart, by Bobbie Wolgemuth. This has provided hours and hours of conversation starters for the bi-monthly mentoring group I help lead at my church. Though only 128 pages in length, we have used this book for more than a year. The girls in Moms to Moms meet the first and second Wednesday nights of the month, a sort of round-table, open forum where no topic is off limits, but mostly parenting and reassuring that they're going to make it. We study the Word, pray, laugh, cry, teach each other, and we are all growing.
My co-leaders and I agree these young ladies with their children around them are our heroes. Represented are single and married moms, working outside and inside their homes, public/private/homeschooling moms...you name it, we've got it. This is one group we hate to miss. A gift from God. Truly.
My thankful journal is simply a little leather-bound book where I record the gifts God has given me. Eucharisto. Thanks. One Thousand Gifts. 10,000 reasons. Why write them down? Because I dare not forget the goodness of God. In the remembering and the acknowledging I am overwhelmed with reassurance that God is my provider, comforter, healer, friend, joy, strength, and so much more. I am much less likely to lose my focus and wander if I am remembering God's deeds and giving thanks.
Last, but certainly not least, is my personal journal. It may as well be my heart on paper. This is where it all comes pouring forth to be sorted, processed, saved or discarded. You know, keep the good and throw out the chaff. That's what the journal is for - it is fearsome, yet necessary. Necessary for me anyways.
There are a few more books I could talk about. Don't know about you, but I read several at once. These I mentioned were simply the lucky ones to be carried into the sick bed with me today.
Do you have reading materials you count as "dearest companions"? What are they and why are they special to you?
I also have the Jesus Calling devotional, Karen had mentioned it a long time ago, and I finally got it. I've really enjoyed it, it's definitely helped me focus in on that 'personal' time..

---

